yes...who doesn't love Elvis Presley and his music?
I would love to tour his home.  Which one of his songs is your favorite?/
oh wow thats a classic.  what about jailhouse rock
Yes, I think he did.  He made several movies.  
Hmm...that I don't know.  I am going to have to look that up later and see
What do you know about ireland?
Exactly, do you know any thing about Island north Atlantic?
Wow, that will make island north Atlantic.
Wow, I just feel like visiting their now.
I recently took up archery and I think I love it. Do you know anything about Archery?
And a great sport it is. Do you know where archery originated from?
Wow, thats amazing. Its been around for a long time. Do you know which culture invented it?
An I guess it has spread out through out all the different cultures. Which type of bow do you consider to be the best?
Have you done any competitive archery?
I love chihuahuas, I have 2 of them.
Yep, they get a bad rap about their demeanor too. Most people say they're mean but one of mine is the sweetest ever.
I've always wondered if they came from the city Chihuahua, Mexico. My sister in law visited there once.
Ah so that makes sense why mine think they're gods lol 
That's really interesting, I never knew that! So they were like furry little royals then?
That's a tough question. I'd say my own progress. I like seeing how much I improve with something. You?
I am not. Could you tell me about them?
I suppose so. I'm not terribly familiar with other psychological concepts, so I might have to defer to them!
Can you explain those as well?
Hi. What sort of animals?
I can understand about the gophers. And the geese. Canada geese are a scourge!
So gross. Are they even from Canada? 
I wonder if goose meat is good to eat. That could be a solution. 
mmmmmm...goose jerky. I'd be up for trying that. 
I have never watched it.  Who is in the show?
When did the series start?  
Wow, it has been on the air for a long time.  What else can you tell me about it?  i
I wonder if it skews more to men rather than women.  Maybe it is popular with both though.
I do know them, but I have only seen the movies, I never read the books
I have heard that, I recognize her name, I know she is very famous
That is a long time ago, it makes realize how old I am since it was so popular when I was a child
That is very shortly after I was even born, I wonder if it was even more popular when I was too young to remember
Holy cow, I would not be surprised if that was the best selling book other than maybe religious texts!
Thierry Henry is one of my all time favorite players. What about you?
Yes I think he retired many years ago. He was a coach for Belgium during the World Cup.
Thats quite a resume. He scored so many great goals too.
Yes I agree, Its a shame he did not win the world cup in 2006.
That was over twenty years ago! Seems like just yesterday. 
No, i haven't. It's not really my cup of tea.
Yes, that is completely understandable. Are warthogs edible?
I would think they would be way to gamey.
I bet rabbit tastes pretty good.
Have you ever had a broken heart?\\
I don't know if I have, I mean maybe when my dog was put down but that seems like it was the worst emotional pain I've had.
I;m sorry you had to do that it is sad.
That is really interesting, what other facts do you know about broken hearts?
that is so interesting.
I love national parks dont you?
Yes, I have never been there but I would love to go, have you been?
I live in Arkansas and love the Hot SPrings National Park and have been there many times, really it is beautiful
It is, and there are lots of natural hot springs throughout the park, hence the city name, it is like a hidden gem
Oh yeah I've noticed that it really took a dip in quality recently.
It was? I haven't been around for long enough to have seen that.
Even now that the channel is a little bit dumb?
I've noticed that with the history channel as well as TLC.
I liked some of their shows but they don't even air anymore.
I rather enjoy American football particularly college football. Do you watch/ have a favorite team?
They had a great run in the 1990's. Plus, now that new stadium is rather impressive hopefully they can live up to it.
Ha, well now that the Tony Romo era has ended that is more likely.
Do you think Prescott will be the one to turn it around?
Have you heard of the band Guns N' Roses? They are my favorite band ever
Id say my favorite is Appetite for destruction 
They are very popular, The band was formed by Rose\xe2\x80\x99s band, Hollywood Rose, and Tracii Guns\xe2\x80\x99s band, L.A. Guns, thats where they got their name from. 
Indeed among the best, I believe that Steven Adler was the first to leave the band, getting kicked out in 1990 when his drug abuse got out of control
rumor had it that the sound engineer Bob Clearmountain said Axl Rose \xe2\x80\x9cwould threaten to quit the band three times a week.\xe2\x80\x9d
I went to a nickelback concert this past summer
The lead singer was very funny during the set, I forget his name though.
I didn't know that either. Do they tour there?
Kroger sounds familiar. Chad maybe?
Yes, I love classic rock, especially from the 50s.
Can you tell me more about that magazine?
That's cool. Have they covered other topics?
I like hard rock as well.
Bowling is real popular in my area, I live around a lot of old people.
Yeah, its sort of an older persons activity like bingo, it's not so much that younger people cant do it, its just not the primary audience
I love ska but surprisingly I've never heard of them, I have heard bowling for soup though lol
Bowling
I love all of those bands, formative years were spent jammin them, alt rock is the best
I believe it, Ska is amazing, Sublime probably had a big hand in it too.
I don't really know the rules of American Football
It seems like it stops so much for commercials. I like soccer because you get to see a game not a thousand advertisements
no, what is that?
that sounds awesome - how do you get that?
Wow! I wonder where it originated?
That makes sense. Maybe my Scandinavian ancestry is why I'm ok at skiing. Not downhill, though, only cross country. Do you think genetics has much to do with skiing abilities?
That is a good idea. Are you any good at skiing?
That's how I feel on a snowboard. Did you know there is a right and a wrong way to fall? I'm not good at falling the right way.
I really like the Harry Potter franchise
I really think that Harry Potter should not have been the main character though
Yes, but Harry was a horrible protagonist
It's not so much the tone as it is the fact that Harry was whiny and would constantly put his friends and the entire Hogwarts school at risk.  He had no connection with others' perspectives
I think that statement, while correct, is highly underselling the popularity of the book. 
I have only went skiing once and loved it!  It was really hard though.  I imagine it takes a lot of practice, right?
That's interesting.  I have never seen that before.  When was skiing invented?
I would never have guessed that!  Was it invented for practical purposes or just recreation?
I imagine it makes travel on snow much easier!  What were the early skis made out of?
I forgot about the poles.  It was probably quite helpful for stabilization.  Antique skis are most likely worth a lot of money. right?
Im so sad, i broke up again with my grilfriend, well ex girlfriend, she doesnt understand me, its so tiring being on again off again kind of relationship! have you ever been in a situation like this?
Yes, i am most times emotionally unstable, i wonder if true love exists? where you love each other all the way down, and no on and off again.
Yes, totally, it saceres me being alone, without her but sometimes we dont get alone that well!
Yes, this type off relationship on and off again drains me, sometimes i dont know myself without here by my side
Thank you for you assitante in my relationship i aprecciate it!
Yes, but it's garbage.
He does a decent job. He has been meme'd to death because of that role.
Zombies are pretty terrifying. Would you agree?
I would let one of them eat me up inside.
Life, itself, is both a horror film and a fantasy.
I like Dylans bars do you?
They have everything! i just love it
How long have they been around?
That is really cool!
I love American football dont you?
I think my favorite team is the cowboys
They are still a good team even though they had that controversy
Yeah it is just terrible about all that stuff though
i have not been there but id love to
have you been to europe?
oh that is pretty cool. i've only ever been to canada, mexico, and the USA where I live
i agree. the culture is cool there too
id like to go to iceland or norway
I just recently started listening to Guns N' Roses.
All the great bands come from LA. Is the band still together today?
Which one of them is the lead vocalist?
That's an incredible feat! Has the band ever been involved in any controversy?
That sound interesting.  What is a metadesign?  I have never heard of it.
Thats cool what kind of games do you design?
Thats cool .  Where do  you do play these games you design?  Are they for computers or games systems or???
Thats cool.  What kind of games have you designed?
I would love to try a virtual role playing game.  What  does a gamficiation process entail?
Sometimes the taste of popcorn puts me off. Do you like popcorns?
Who invented popcorn?
Wow, I thought it was the american indian's. Do you know what happens that makes the corn pops?
Do you know how many flavours there are?
I like Cod but only eat Wild Caught Cod. I prefer to eat fish that is not farm raised due to the pesticides in the food.
Most cod sold in stores is farm raised, and also the cod you eat in restaurants.
Yes it is. Easy to prepare and only takes 3-4 minutes to cook so that it is not dried out.
Yuck, ever tasted cod liver oil?
That is great.  I really enjoy the Discvery Channel.  
I did not know that.  I do know that I used to watch MythsBusters on a weekly basis.  It was very interesting and entertaining
Deadliest Catch makes you appreciate all of the effort that goes into that line of work.  It can get intense
I also enjoy Dirty Jobs.  The things Mike Rowe does to inform and entertain his viewers can get pretty nuts
Born in the late 70s so didn't really start to appreciate music until the 1990s onwards. Loved Dave Matthews Band
Fave 1990s rock song of all is Bitter Sweet SYmphony by the Verve. Loved older classics like Bohemian Raphody by queen 
True. I also was into 'angry female' rock tha tis anything ALanis Morissette like Ironic I still have to sing along to 4 Non Blonds. Remember them?
No way. You have to get those two striaght .LOL. 4 non blonds did 'What's going on'. Sing: Hey, hey, hey hey Hey what's going on...
I used to bowl all of the time when I was younger
are you on a team, my dad was always on a bowling team when I was growing up
I always liked to bowl but was never very good at it, I am good at Wii bowling lol!!
I dont remember it has also been years since I have played that one too
oh that is exciting, if I could bowl in my own home that would be awesome
oh yea I guess that would be a downfall of bowling at homw\\e
I just ordered all the Harry Potter books and look forward to reading them
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends
The books have been insanely popular since they came out world wide
Wow, i have watched it a few times but i don't know much about it could you tell me more
How far back does archery date? im curious when did we start using them bow
Interesting, what type of animals can you normally hunt with a bow?
I will see if there is a local archery range in my city that i can visit im really tempted to give it a try
Interesting. Snow skiing or water skiing?
Did you try skiing lessons? They have amazing ski resorts that offer lessons in Colorado.
Oh yeah, I went there once. It was beautiful. Maybe you can try yoga to improve your balance.
Yeah yoga is good in many aspects of life. If you begin practicing daily, you will find clarity and balance!
I have never tried that. Sounds interesting. 
how long have you been designing games?
where were your classes taken?
does the process involve drawing?
is that your plan?  to get a bachelors in computer science or something?
do you game personally?  console or PC?
Elvis Presley is one of my favorite artists of all time
He really was i was really sad as well, could you tell me when was he born?
The odds of that happening are incredibly low it is awesome you where born the same day, what else can you tell me about him
i love that single i could listen to it every day of the week
I really liked the 2nd album he came out with me and my friends would listen to it every day
My favorite color is green, to me it is peaceful.  How about you?
That is true, it is kind of a mesh of two colors.  It does not hurt it is referred to as the common color of money as well.
I agree!  But the real important question is, are green apples better than red?
I wonder if there is really any nutritional difference between red and green apples.  I would think not.
I agree, but both of them are at least good for you!
My favorite color is green. I really love the different variations of it. How about you?
It makes me think of spring and summer, when the grass is nice and green and the trees are full.
So it is green from the way we process it? 
Real scientific, I guess that is why there are different shades of green.
I was bilked so much medically last time
No I don't
Do you know any insurance company I can use
OK, can you tell me more
Wow, they have good services
im a big nickelback fan. whats your opinion on the band?
it wouldnt surprise me. when they started getting radio play, the band blew up big.
what was their drummer placed? i had never heard that.
thats very imformative. can you tell me what you about the singer?
yes i agree. do you know how they got discovered?
Everyone has seen Harry Potter except me. Have you ever read the books or watched the movies?
Was he born a wizard?
Who wrote these stories?
She must have made a lot of money. How many books are in the series?
Wow, that is crazy!!! Would it be weird if I started reading the books now, even though my kids are grown and out of the house?
It looks easy on television, but I guess aiming is difficult?
What are the 3 forms?
Is that just throwing the ball and praying you get all 10 pins?  If so, that's what I do.
I don't even know what tweening is!
I have trouble getting motivated. What about you?
Well... if it's something important is no fun. because you know you have to do it, but you just don't!
Yes exactly! Do you have any advice on how to be more motivated?
Yeah, i just have no idea what can get me to do that. Maybe I'll start drinking more coffee?
Yes good point. i guess I should just give up and accept that I don't have any motivation.
You know I've never thought about it before, but yes, you are right - it's intense! 
Wow, very impressive.  How long did it take you to learn all those moves?
What is all star cheerleading? Please forgive me for not knowing, I am British and still learning US culture.
It sounds very exciting. I bet you have wonderful memories of your involvement. Did you do well at the competitions?
Have you ever used Instagram? I've looked at it but have never done anything with it.
Hmm, must check it out. Any idea who developed it?
So it's not that old then. Do you have to open an account with it, or can you just post?
So it's kind of like Facebook then. How many members are there?
I like to go to canada trip. can you tell more about that place
Good buddy.what special in album
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.
In 1996, the band recorded and released their first full-length album, Curb. "Fly" was included on both Hesher and Curb and was the first single produced by Nickelback. In 1997, Brandon Kroeger left the band and the band searched for a new drummer
That's very mysterious. Is there anything else spooky about the Japanese language, haha.
It's that Japanese secrecy stuff, I bet they burned all their documents or something. So is the Japanese language similar to Chinese?
Didn't Japan have a lot of wars with China or something?
Maybe it had something to do with being on an island? I'm wondering if their foods are a copy of Chinese culture too.
Colors are a lot of fun. My favorite to use in art is green.
Yep! Colors are really interesting with how ways you can mix them to make new colors. 
That's amazing. I never thought about how old their company must be until now. 
Strange name, but it makes sense that they would start with the darkest color. it probably has the most applications. 
That's neat. I wonder when they started introducing new colors like green and blue. 
My son loves the series, but I don't know much about it. How many books are in the series?
I better get reading! What is the general plot of the story?
Do they get into lots of adventures together? 
Hogwarts? What's that?! It sounds intriguing!
What types of food can you get from deer meat?
What types of deer are found in the United States?
How prevalent are the white-tailed deer in the United States?  Are they a protected species of deer?
That is quite interesting.  How many offspring might the white-tailed deer have in a year?
What is the difference between a doe and a fawn?
When I see green, I can't help but think of nature.
Very interesting! One of my favorite "shades" is lime green. I have a lot of computer parts that glow this color!
One of them for sure! They make great parts. Speaking of green, I was always curious as to why it seems most plants are green or some similar variation.
Makes a lot of sense, actually! They can blend in and avoid being eaten.
That's all very interesting, thank you very much for sharing your knowledge!
Cardigans make me look dapper.
Do you know if there are any made out of a material other than cotton?
Are they knitted by hand?
How did cardigans become so popular?
my friend wanted to be a paramedic
yea thats why my friend quit
oh yea really?
oh i didnt know that.
dang thats so long ago
I really like purple. But, blue is also a nice color. 
Yes, that's true. Green is also the color of money so I do like that!
Yes, that would make green a big contributor to us, as we definitely need plants. I do like oxygen, so I can breathe.
Oh, yeah, especially reptiles. I wished I could camoflauge myself sometimes. When my kids are looking for me because they want something.
Where's your favourite shopping store?
Have you heard of Alibaba,?
Any way ,why do you rather shop with Amazon?
Who's the founder of Amazon?
I shop online,though I've experienced some technicalities
Do you know anything about the band called Insane Clown Posse?
Interesting, how long have they been around?
They've been around a long time then it seems. Are they notable for anything in particular?
That's impressive, do the fans of Insane Clown Posse call themselves anything?
That's quite a lot of albums, what else do you know about ICP?
My mom was born in Ireland. 
Northern Ireland. 
I think so?
No, but I would like to go some day. I have relatives there I would like to meet. 
Yes, it does. I love how green the grass is. 
I help design video games for a living. More on the concept side, less on the actual building! Do you play?
Educational, primarily for grade school age children. And yes, they are officially *enmeshed* in our culture for better or worse. I try to work for the better!
Primarily for iPads and tablets, since so many schools now distribute them to kids. I feel fortunate our boys are in a school district that distributes iPads for school use.
Apple was super smart -- they realized the device was just the *delivery* system. It's all the apps and game and music downloads that bring the ka-ching!
John Grisham was a politician?  I had no idea.  What position did he hold?
It seems like he excelled at everything he does.  What are some of his more well known books?
A Time to Kill is a great movie!  Is he still alive?
What an amazing success story.  His books seem to transition so well into big budget film.  Any new stuff?
What is his net worth?  He must be rolling in the money!
Hi, I am studying to be a Paramedic. Can you help me?
Yes but I am afraid it might be stressful. Do you think so?
I see, how may paramedic are there in the U.S?
I can see why, it is a very qualified job. What else do you know about this?
I really like bowling but I have not done it in awhile. Has anything changed about it?
That's cool! So I can just get started again. :) Do you know much about bowling?
Oh yeah? What happens if you don't hit any pins?
Oh, I thought a strike was when you hit all the pins. I did not know that. :)
Ok, that makes more sense. What else can you tell me?
Try to imagine what his thoughts must have been as he is plummeting down the hill
Yes, probably much less safe.  
Wow I would love to see a picture of those
Oh I love watching that!  I love ski jumping.  The skill they have is amazing!
ok I love bowling I would like to know more
yes me too I use to bowl all the time with my family what about the strike?
ok how can I get a turkey I think that may be hard to get though
wow I don't think I will ever get one lol
I have I love his books and movies.  What is your favorite John Grisham?
That was a good one.  I haven't read the book but I did see the movie.  When was A Time To Kill made into a movie?
That is amazing!  How many books has he published?
Yeah that is the one I saw.  How many of John Grisham's books have been mae into movies?
hey there, my fave color is green.
wow! you know a lot about green. how did you learn what colors make it up?
really? what did he have to say specifically about it? 
how is green unreal?
which field? like science?
I don't watch it, but I know it's very popular. It's had several seasons I think, do you know how many exactly?
Wow it must be quite popular if there's so much material for it. Do you have a favorite actor/actress on the series?
Since I don't really watch the show, can you tell me more about Rick Grimes? How does he fit into the plot?
That sounds exciting and action-packed. Does he have to kill the zombies in a special way, or can he just knock them over the head or something?
Oh so you have to get up close and personal with them I guess. Does Rick Grimes ever find out why he was in a coma?
I want to learn how to design video games, trying to read and learn about it
Yes I agree. I wonder if education is required or just experience ?
It would seem to me that computer and design skills and maybe graphic arts sikills would help
I would think game design would pay decently
I love to hunt. There's nothing like having some fresh meat.
Yes, that it the best way to do it. Apparently in some areas the government will actually pay money to hunt for specific preditors!
Yes I agree. I don't believe in the useless hunting that poachers do. Its so cruel.
Interesting, I've never heard that before. There are some areas of the world where people still have to hunt and gather for their food to survive.
Wow, I love watching  football even though I don't understand some of the rules. 
Interesting, football fields are so huge! The players must be very athletic.
How many points do they receive? 
I wonder what they do if there is a tie.
Woah! Wait, really? What does the sport involve?
Oh, that is actually really neat. Is it still played a lot in Europe?
That's actually really neat. I have an online friend that lives in the UK, I will have to ask him about it.
I am not familiar with Catalonia, where is that?
Thank you for all the new information!
I personally think bowling is a great game for competition and for recreational play. Do you ever bowl?
I am very excited that I get to take a summer bowling course for PE next summer in college. I get coaching, and 2 hours of bowling a day. Should get good at it!
Yeah, as of now I usually bowl 85-120. I am far from good. Do you typically go for practice, or with friends/family when going?
Hey, that's what's great about bowling. It's fun no matter what if you're with someone. When you finally do get a strike it feels really good too!
I always have wondered how the balls loop around and come back up so fast. I also find it crazy how the pins get realigned so fast too.
Hi, do you have any advice on how to stay motived?
Hmm, okay I see what you mean. What do you do to stay motivated when you have to do a rather mundane task? 
Ahh I see, so if I find a suitable reason why I should do a task I will find motivation easier. That sounds good to me. :)
haha okay, but some tasks make it hard to be happy and therefore motivated, but sounds like its up to yourself to make the best out of it :)
Do you use social media?
I use Instagram but mostly to follow people that I like. I rarely share anything though
I've never used that feature on Instagram though I've used the similar feature on snapchat
Yeah, I think you can link accounts
Pretty much, plus you can connect to the same people
I want to buy a pass and visit all the national parks in the US.
I didnt realize they were so many. Do you know which park is the most visited?
Have you visited any of the parks? Ive only been to the Grand Canyon.
Who signed that act into law?
I think its great to protect these  sites especially from big business.
Have you ever read anything by John Grisham?
I haven't read anything by him but I remember the movies for both a time to kill and the firm.
Yeah that is true, they say you should write about what you know about.
And even became a movie starring Tom Cruise!
Yes I do like bowling, I a awful at it though. Can you give me some tips? 
Is it really?? Wow that is a funny name for 3 strikes in a row! \\
Wow, I have never heard of that either. You know some really great facts about bowling
Hmm, that is a strange thing to call it. Is there a reason why it is called that? 
Wow okay awesome, Thank you for sharing all these fun facts with me about bowling! :) 
Do you have an Instagram account
I do have an account also
Yes I do, beautiful pictures
I love Instagram, it connect everyone
Wow, now I have more information on how to use my Instagram
Bowling is one of my favorites hobbies.
The scoring consists of strikes and spares.The maximun points is 300
I have never played Ten-pin bowling, I wouldn't know.
Whatelse you know about bowling?
I've never really known what a cardigan is. Is it more of a jacket or what?
Ah that sounds like something I'd like to try on sometime. When were they popularized? 
So that's where that whole craze came from? So simple but it created a whole new piece of clothing, that's cool!
I guess I just haven't noticed since I didn't know what they are, but knowing this I'll probably notice them more.
Huh, I hadn't heard any Welsh language before so I had no idea.
I haven't heard much of their music except for the really popular ones like Welcome to the Jungle.
That's pretty cool. What made them so famous?
Damn so the band is named after him? He must really carry the band, so to speak.
Ohh right he is really popular for his hair and outfit too.
Lol! When did instagram first come out?
What else does instagram do besides edit photos?
Ohh okay! Is instagram popular?
I agree, i do not think about facebook when i think instagram! But such is life. 
It does seem like an interesting place, can you tell me anything else about Ireland?
Wow that's so cool, what is the capital of Ireland?
Oh that's really interesting, has it always been divided into two countries?
What exactly is that Agreement?
That's really neat, thanks for telling me so many cool things about Ireland.
Really? I am an accounting major myself. I am intern this summer with a big 4. Do you enjoy the career?
No, I believe that is a Canadian or UK based society. I am in the US, so I would join an organization such as AICPA
Are you in a the ACCA? If yes, do you recommend your experience with national professional organizations?
What field of accountancy do you work in? Do you work for Big4 or another large public firm?
I am a fisherman.
I have caught tons of cod.
I do, I usually grill it.
Yes and they taste good.
I love fish and chips, especially in the summer.
My niece recently got into cheerleading. She really seems to enjoy it.
She does it for her high school football team, but she also entered a summer cheer competition because her coach recommended her.
Some people don't think it's a sport, but I definitely disagree. She works very hard!
Yes, they do. More than some other sports, in fact. I'm pretty proud of her and hope she goes far.
I like them too. Do you like corn dogs?
Basically small hot dogs on a stick with breading. What do you like on your hot dogs?
Yuck, not a relish fan. I like ketchup, mustard, and mayo.
I don't like pickles either so maybe that's why I don't like relish. Do you eat beef hot dogs or chicken/pork mix?
So do I!
I love the color green it reminds me of nature and trees
I had no idea
That makes sense and you know a lot about this I can tell
Yes green is often associated with money it seems
I have never been.  It looks like fun on TV.  What do you like about it most?
Is it scary?
I think it would be weird sliding down a hill with something strapped to my feet.  I guess in Scandinavia, skiing would be much easier than trying to walk.
I like watching the ski jumps during the Olympics.  I'd be terrified to do something like that.
Hello I love discovery channel. Do you?
Ah it means you might have an idea about why the channel started, please tell me
Amazing, who knowns the channel?
Awesome. I like the fact that they have other children channels like TLC. Do you know TLC?
I've never read that book, what can you tell me about it?
Wow - that sounds interesting - what else can you tell me about the story?
7 books!  Wow - did they make any movies?
I bet that made the author very famous.  Have they written any other books?
Is the author a man or a woman?
Hey that sounds good, what kind of stocks are you looking to invest in? Or are you more interested in private equity?
Ok that sounds great. Have you ever invested in private equity before? You seem to know alot about it.
That's awesome. Unfortunately my computer glitched and I have no information on them like I'm supposed to. Could you tell me anything else about private equity?
No I haven't could you please tell me more about debt financing? 
I like watching American football.
How do teams score points?
That sounds like fun. What are the origins of football?
So, it's a rough sport. Are injuries common?
Is college football popular? Which league is the best to watch?
I have recently picked up archery!  DO you enjoy the sport?
I have never tried bow hunting before.  Is it hard?
Do you use a compound bow for hunting or a regular bow?
Oh, I see!  How much does a good compound bow cost?
Yeah, a break sounds really dangerous.  When was archery invented?
Of course I've heard of Elvis Presley! Can't say I've listened to much of his music, though
Oh yeah, I forgot about that. He was kind of a heartthrob so that career decision would make sense. It's sad that he died so young.
That's true! Plenty of people make an impact in a short time. Kurt Cobain, for example. And James Dean!
He definitely did a lot to bring rock music to the masses, yes. Modern pop music owes a lot to guys like Elvis
Elvis's music may not appeal to young people today, but it definitely did back in the day. Funny how that works out.
I love drinking protein powder.
I have never taken herbal supplements. What kind do you take?
I do like a plant based diet.
Bodybuilding supplement
That is a lot of people. I do like to eat a steak once in a while thou.
How long have you been hunting?
I agree with that. Do you hunt for sport or actually use the bounty you receive?
that's a little crazy. So do you hunt feral cats and dogs?
OK. that's good to know. bet there is more in the US.
No i didn't know that! that's pretty cool!
Wow! I bet he is really good at what he is doing. How old is he?
No, i'm not really into sports. Soccer is pretty interesting i just never really got into it
What? I can't believe i've never heard about him
That's a lot of goals! i bet he is paid really well :)
I know absolutely nothing about archery, but would be interested in your views on it.
Hmm. Do you go to classes? It sound like such fun - I've seen it in movies but not really thought much about it.
Perhaps I should give it a go, not for hunting but for sport. My husband does bow hunt, if that's a similar sort of thing. He seems to be quite good at it.
Interesting. Do many countries participate? It would be fun to see the ways countries differentiate.
I'm planning a trip to Ireland! I've never been there, so I don't know what to expect!
No, actually I didn't know that either! Are there any cities I should plan on visiting?
Hm, well I like big cities! Usually the bigger cities have lots of good restaurants and shopping.
Great tip, thanks! What else should I know about Ireland before my trip?
I lvoe bowling! Do you?
me too! I struggle to get strikes every time but I get lots of spares!
Yes, definitely. The ultimate goals is a perfect game - have you ever  had one?
That's impressive! I'm not as good as you!
Yes, it can definitely be difficult! Have you ever played bowling professionally?
Do you like dark green or light green best?
When I think of green I think of golf.  Like a putting green!
What is chromium?  I am not familiar with that term.
I did not know that.  What else is made of chromium?
So chromium is durable?  Is steel made of chromium?
Do you have ADHD?
How old are you? My son has ADHD and the older he got it did get better, but he still as a teen has trouble.
Yes before age 12. They have lasted from at least kindergarten until high school.
lol yes where are you?
Nice!  I am actually English and Swedish from my father.  My grandparents came here. Yes today I am watching Sweden play England.
I like green too. My eyes are green.
Yrs I do know it is a very popular color in Ireland.
My other favorite color is blue. It is very calming.
Yep and I love teal which is a combination of the two.
Yes and it is a very cool bright green that they use.
I bowl every weekend. I love it.
Only once and it was ten years ago.
I usually score around 200. The 300 was the game of my life.
I have played five-pin a few times.
Yes. It is a good game to play if you have kids.
That's different! Did you prefer his singing or acting?
That's really cool. I've always been the other way around, haven't seen in act in much.
I see. What's the Memphis Mafia? I've never heard of them.
Like an entourage before having an entourage was cool. Bad to the bone for sure.
I want to learn how to bowl! My friends are always talking about how much fun it is. Have you ever gone bowling?
Yes, please!! I know you roll a ball down an alley to knock over pins. Do I have to hit them all the first time or do I get to try again?
Okay, gotcha! Do I need special shoes or anything?
Thanks for the advice! What else should I know before I go out for my first time?
Hi there! I'm an accountant - what do you do?
Yes, an old and noble profession, haha! What kind of engineering do you do?
Not really, although it depends who you ask sometimes. 
Yes, that's true. Then there's similar fields, like book keeping
Yes, they're very useful. Do you work on anything like that?
Hi I love archery. Do you?
I see, when did archery originate? 
That is really far back. What else do you know about archery? 
And archery is also done for hunting?
I think every one needs motivation in their lives at some point.
Yeah I recently started leaving messages for my girlfriend and she loves them
exactly it helps both of us its a win win.
Yeah and she seems to always love the little drawing I do for her,
You know, for the longest time I heard of that word and never knew what it was!
So buttons mean robe and ties mean cardigan? So they're very similar to one another!
Woops! You're right, I had it backwards! Are cardigans typically designed for women?
When were they invented?
Oh wow, so they are pretty old!
Hi, I really enjoy adding alcohol to my coffee. Have you ever tried this?
Oh yes, Irish coffee is a great mix between the two. It is usually topped with a thick cream which I love.
That's correct. I have heard that the original recipe called for non-whipped cream.
Yes that is the right way to do it. I have also noticed that many people call any alcoholic coffee beverage "Irish coffee".
I was a huge fan of Nirvana and Kurt Cobain when I was younger.
I never knew that. I was so sad when he died. Seems like so long ago. Do you remember what year that was?
Oh wow. Longer ago than I realized. So unfortunate that he ended his own life.
I was not aware. I wonder if that is a small or big place.
That was a pretty good album, although I preferred their later work. 
Are you allergic to a specific type of bee?  
What happens if you get stung?
Wow.  That sounds terrible.  Do you carry one of those Epipens?
That's brave of you.  Are honey bees aggressive?
That's interesting.  How many bees are generally in a colony?
Sometimes I find it difficult to find motivation for tasks that I dislike.
Yes! Cleaning house is definitely not my favorite. I am extremely motivated if the task at hand is something in which I find interesting.
Haha! Me too. I also can be motivated for work tasks if they are interesting and stimulating.
What exactly is crowdsourcing. This sounds interesting.
Kendrick Lamar is one of my favorite rappers. Are you familiar with him?
I didn\'t know he had a different name at first, that\'s cool. Do you have a favorite Kendrick Lamar album?"
I think that's one of his more famous songs. What kind of music genres do you listen to?
I guess that's part of the luck of making it as a musician. I don't really like country myself, but it seems to have dedicated fans.
Hey, I was trying to learn a little bit more about accounting
Yah, I am pretty good at math, I do a lot of computer science and work with a lot of math there. I would love to learn more about how to create basic accounting documents
Could you tell me more about what a balance sheet is? 
Okay, that makes sense. What is usually on these sheets? What information can I learn?
I ride a bike.
I ride for transportation.
Cycling
I am a biker, that is for sure.
I ride a regular bike.
Wow that is a lot of bikes.
That sounds like fun! Do you train dogs as a hobby or are you a professional dog trainer?
What methods do you use to train them? I have a dog who needs to be trained!
Oh I understand! I can see how that would be effective! Can you give me any other tips for training my dog?
I'll look into that, thanks! Please tell me dog trainers don't use shock collars anymore, do they?
I have! I really enjoy it too! Neegan is scary!
A comic? I had no idea! I don't care for comics much, but my nephew loves them!
That's awesome! I love when the original writers influence the tv shows/movies!
Wow! I couldn't picture The Walking Dead in black and white! I may have to check out the comics!
I really like the Fear of the Walking Dead too! I had no idea that The Walking Dead had so much to it.
American football is so popular but i dont care for it much.
Yea since other countries use football for what we call soccer.
11 players? thats more than I thought, how long do games last?
seems like it takes so long with all the pauses and half time though.
its mainly passive right? Weird it is called foot ball when no foot contact happens almost ever in the game.
My little brother has a broken heart and I dont know how to help him
He lost his girlfriend to cancer
Yeah we are all in town to help him right now
Do you know anything else about it
i played football in college
yep i do to, a great sport
when i played, I played  defense
cool, that's a top football school
Yes I think I have read some of his books - is he a crime writer?
Really? He must be worth a fortune. Have you read any?
Do you know how many books John Grisham has written?
Wow thats impressive.  I have read the pelican brief but it was a long time ago.  What do you think is his best or most famous book?
His work be pretty good.  he sounds like an intersting guy.  What else can you tell me about him?
I spend a lot of time on Instagram. It's probably my most used social media app
I've been using it for a while, but I'm not sure when it was created
Wow, so it's been around a while. Is it more popular than other social media apps?
I didn't know that. I wonder how many users Instagram has.
I love Harry Potter.  I have been reading them since I was a teenager.  Hermione is my favorite character.
The Dursley are a typical family.  I would probably be pretty suspicious if magic was going on in my home, too.
Dumbledore made a lot of questionable decisions in his lifetime.
Probably one of the best selling book and movie franchises in history.
Which Harry Potter book was your favorite?
I love little dogs! One of my favorite breeds are chihuahuas. Have you ever owned one?
What colors are they?
Oh yea I've definitely heard that for sure! I wonder when they started coming over to the US. 
I've heard of it but I don't know where it is. I did read though they go all the way back to the Aztec civilization!!
I meant to say the Toltec civilization, my mistake! But yes the Aztecs are very, very interesting. I didn't know that was the name of their language though! 
Cool! Do you know who the first people to do it were?
Do you know what they made skis of in ancient times?
Which countries ski the most today?
Who has the most skiing gold medals in the Olympics?
Hi, it must be a very stressful job right?
I see, and what is their role in the US?
Do paramedics also work in the ER?
Ok that makes sense. Does being a paramedic require a lot of training?
I don't really understand the hype behind instagram. Do you use it?
What kind of photos do people share?
2012, seems so long ago. How else can people communicate in the app?
What do the hashtags do?
I think accounting is interesting as well.  My grandpa was a chartered accountant who had his own practice.  I remember going to his office as a child watching him add everything with a pencil and calculator.  Time sure have changed, computers have replaced a lot of accountants.
More time consuming  ... i wonder if the increased labour costs outweigh the lack of scrutiny over the 'books'. 
What are the different fields?
I wonder what differs in each category?  I guess they all have in common that they are reviewing numbers!
Do you enjoy it?
What is the average salary for that type of a position?
Do you have to obtain a lot of education in order to get a job like this?
What about a CPA, is that needed as well?
I love sneaking in popcorn into movie theaters. 
Yep so simple yet so tasty. Do you have them salted or buttered?
I don't think they had movie theaters that long ago, I wondered what they watched when eating popcorn. 
Well I have heard that one before, so many things are discovered by "accident"! 
i love harry potter
yea its a great series
oh yea i didnt know that
we wuz wizurds and stuff right?
nice thats really cool.
Yes, I used to see them at ball games in high school
I see, I guess it's not popular in other countries
I see, I've never seen a cheerleading competition
I see, I'll check it out sometime
how long have you been doing that?
how effective is it?
oh wow, why have I never heard of this before!
any famous people try it yet?
Ah yes, he is a great one that i remember
Wow!  That is some complicated information.  What does "invoked by light" mean?
Haha!  Yeah, I think green is my favorite color as well.  It is calming.  Is green considered a primary color?
Thanks for the tidbit!  Why are colors measured in wavelengths?
I see.  I never really understood all the science behind it, but it is fascinating!
That's fascinating! I am a Sagittarius, so I've always wondered why I am an archer.
Do you know when that happened?
Do you know when they started using crossbows?
Ancient, huh? I had no clue it was so long ago. I thought it was medieval Europe.
Is that who brought the crossbows from Asia>
Wow I had no idea it was that recently played!
Who is your favorite team
Did he not deflat footballs or something one year?
I cant believe he got fined so much! that is crazy
O I thought they were from Rhode Island?
I am thinking about starting to bodybuild.
I think it has got safer as the years have gone by.
What kind of supplements would best increase mass gains?
I think today it is a lot mote man made chemicals in powder form.
Oh so this has been going on for hundreds of years?
I am thinking of picking up archery.
It is. Are there different types of archery bows?
Oh I see Would you happen to know how long ago Archery dates back to?
That is an incredibly long time ago. Do people compete in archery against each other for sport?
It looks relaxing but Im sure it is very hard to master? Do people still use archery to hunt?
I am an accountant. What is your profession. 
What is your role in healthcare. I have been an accountant for 5 years.
That is interesting. What other things will you like to tell me about your profession. 
I do general accounting
That is interesting to know. Who is Lee
I like theater popcorn but yeah after I eat it I need time to recover from it lol.
Are there more than one kind of popcorn?
That is pretty big!
Can you name them?
I had no idea there was so many kinds?
Hey! I enjoy Elvis music, do you like his music?
Oh, I didn't know that! Do you know any movies he acted in?
Yes! I didnt Know he was in that movie.
Oh I have heard that song before. My favorite song by Elvis has to be Hound Dog.
What do you know about waterfowl hunting?
What kind of gear do you need?
Do you generally bring a dog?
It seems like it'd be tricky at first
What time do you generally go waterfowl hunting?
Really thats interesting! You probably have a steady hand by day and crazy one by night :D
Do you have a lot of patients, is this job hard for you?
Yeah you said that right :D What music instrument do you play?
Omg are you Lil John? thats awesome! 
I need to train my dog.
Yes and I definitely need to modify this dog's behavior. Any tips?
I have a miniature schnauzer. 
He barks constantly and does not listen.
Thank you for the advice. I can't wait to get started.
I am just devastated!  My boyfriend broke up with me last night!  I'm still crying!
It just hurts so much!  Why did he have to break my heart?  Metaphorically or otherwise!  Will I ever get over it?
I couldn't even go to work today, I am so stressed! I hate him!!  I know that time will help, but right now I am so miserable!
Well I'm glad I'm human, but my jerk boyfriend sure isn't! 
Yeah, you're probably right.  He just better not be seeing someone else!
Have you ever skied? I have done it and it is lots of fun. I can't do steep slopes but it is great to be out on the white snow!
That sounds like it is quite difficult to learn. I prefer to jetski. I like to follow behind boats and crest the waves.
I never heard of skurfing before. What exactly is it? Is it like surfing?
I see. It sounds like a very difficult sport. Have you ever tried parasailing? It is when a boat pulls someone with a parachute.
Yeah, I would be too scared to try it. A woman was in the news recently because her rope snapped off. She was severely injured.
What is this Discovery channel I am hearing so much about?
what? no way, there is a channel just for that. what are some of the shows on there/
that sounds really interesting. I do. will I learn from these shows?
oh, that is too bad. Are they fun to watch?
that is true. I like fun shows. Do they have shows about people who buy and sell things?
I have a little Chihuahua as a pet. I really like little dogs, do you have any?
I think it's their Mexican heritage that makes them stand out. What kind of dogs did you have?
Beagles are great and so popular as you say. I also have a miniature pinscher, do you know much about those?
That sounds correct, I think they're cute myself. I think they were bred from the original pinschers, but I'm not sure.
There's so many breeds of dogs now, it's crazy. Rottweilers kind of scare me to be honest.
Hi! I'm looking for a bodybuilding supplement to add to my diet. Some guys at the gym recommended that I try one. Do you know anything about these supplements? 
Oh, for the protein?! I guess that's what I should look for in the supplement then, lots of protein!
Wow, I had no idea these supplements have been around for over 100 years! What's the best way to take the supplement?
Does that mean that they are regulated by the FDA? 
yep same, not that into sports
oh in canada too?
they have NFL too?
Oh wow i didnt know that.
Elvis Presley is truly a legend .Tell me more about him
Did he hit a platinum record?
Who was his producer?
You mean he was managed by a military col.
very familiar, even better then the books and movies are the audio versions with Jim Dale narraiting 
If you get a chance listen to them, Jum Dale has won awards for his narriation. I have not heard of any legal stuff at all??
If I was her I would peruse that whole heartily, that is just wrong.
Yes, and also when she was doing her thinking in a coffeeshop/diner and a lot of ideas were written on napkins
I had never heard of it before! I don't drink coffee often. But it makes since that Irish coffee would have whiskey in it. Anything else you could tell me about it that might turn me on to it?
That is really, really, interesting. What a smart decision by him, as I'm sure many people would have requested that. Anything else that would make it sound yummy?
That is hilarious, and totally expected too. Wish I could have seen that happen. What makes Irish coffee unique?
Ah, I see. Well, this has certainly been enlightening. Anything else you could tell me that might be funny or cool, that I could use to talk to people about it?
I love history, I wish I knew more about Genghis Khan, he seems very interesting.
How did he started his empire ?
Did he ever attacked China ?
HOw far to the east did he went, Europe ? 
And how did he managed his empire ? they did not had email/phone/mail at this time. 
Haha actually I do! I own a light grey one and a dark grey one. They have a row of buttons going down one side. How did you know?
Yeah, a row down one side in the front. Nice polished wood. Can you guess the material my cardigans are made out of?
I think mine is pretty modern and trendy. At least Target told me it was! But yeah, I think they're cotton/wool blends.
Yeah so like a hoodie would be considered a pullover, right? And a letterman jacket wouldn't be?
I'm sure my cardigan was machine manufactured. But I don't mind that. I'd rather a machine do it than a little kid in a sweatshop somewhere!
Oh no! What caused it?
Do you have any physical symptoms?
Can you prevent that from happening?
So what will you do?
Will you start a new relationship?
Interesting, I don not know much about rap music, can you tell me more?
I know a few rappers, Eminem, 50 cents, who is your favorite rapper besides, Kendrick Lamar?
I see, What about female rappers? any favorite?
Yes I've heard her song, the one ft. Ciara. Do you have any favorite rap song, Which you recommend? 
Thanks, I will listen to it as soon as possible. and who is the most award winning rapper in history?
I don't enjoy sports too much, and it's difficult to enjoy American football these days with all of the political issues.
I didn't know that. Frankly, the only difference I'm aware of between the NFL and college football is that College players don't get paid.
They must be pretty good though. There are video games based upon some teams. I know people bet on games too using online draft picks. Whatever THAT means haha
I've noticed that rugby looks somewhat similar to football in terms of physical contact, but since I've got no real context for gameplay, I can't tell if they're all that similar.
Hello, I enjoy The Walking Dead. Do you?
I have not, but my husband has. I have only watched the show.
I love Rick too! I think my most favorite though is Daryl.
Ha ha, yeah that was weird. How did you feel about the latest season? I felt like it drug on forever. I just wanted to see them get revenge on Negan!
I think it has certainly peaked, unfortunately. I hope they can go out on a high note maybe with the next season.
I loved their songs back in the day. Especially Sweet child of mine. 
That first album was the best selling debut album of any band I believe it sold about 30 million copies
They were so cool, with that hair and black hat and glasses Slash wore. I think they are still playing but with a couple different members. 
Sweet Child o mine was supposedly written by Rose for his girlfriend who was Don Everly's daughter. Erin
The videos were very popular too, back when MTV was so popular.
I have always wanted to visit Ireland. I wonder what it is like.
I always see so much greenery and land when I see pictures of it.
I think it is so magical. I wonder if they really have elves.
Lol. I have such an active imagination that I would say something so ridiculous. I wonder what mammals they do have.
How interesting! I think Ireland will definitely be on my radar for my next vacation.
Yes, The King. Did you know he sold more then 1 billion units in 20 years.
So sad that such a talent left so early. Do you happen to know what his first big seller was?
Interesting, my favorite song of his is Jail House Rock. 
Yes, a toe tappin classic. I'm going to load up some Elvis to clean the house today this evening.
Hey do you like taking pictures?
I do!  I enjoy Instagram as well, especially the filters you can overlay on your photography to add depth and shadow and highlights!
I didn't realize it was exclusive to IOS to begin with, good thing I had an Iphone back then.
That's good because now everyone can share pictures together on it!  It's really popular with my kid and her friends too.
I do remember hearing they bought them, but now I think they work together better, I know I like to forward my pictures and stories to Facebook automatically!
One of my favorite things to eat at the ball park is a hot dog. Do you like them as well?
I understand. I prefer kosher all-beef franks that are steamed. I love to add onions, mustard, and relish.
It isn't a dog to me without onions. One thing I will never put on a weiner is ketchup.
That Mexican version sounds like the bee's knees to me. I may have to go there for that!
No,  I've not.  Please tell me more about it
Do you roll  the ball with a stick or hand? 
OK,  now I get.  With a glove in your hand
Wow,  like how many players are needed  in the game? 
Oh great  buddy. What special in american football. Can you please share with me
Ok buddy. Now in 2018 world cup in which rank they are playing
sorry , Now I understood. what type of league they will participate. 
Good. it is more famous in america. i m right
Thank you very much buddy. I lerant lot of unknow details about AF.
I just got out of a relationship and, well, it hurts pretty bad.
Yeah, it's pretty bad. I thought things were going well, but I guess I was wrong. Have you ever gone through that? Any advice?
But it doesn't feel that way. It feels terrible
I know a lot of people experience it sometimes, but gosh does it hurt. We had been together for two years. And now they're gone.
That's interesting, but such dry facts don't help me feel better. It makes it feel worse. I need comfort.
I love Archery
Oh yes, it is very good for hunting
I do not know much about their making. What more iinformation do you have about the bow
How does those things work
I am actually not a fan of hunting. I eat animals, but I would feel bad about killing them.
But isn't that really cruel? They have no idea what is happening and don't know that you won't hurt them.
Ok, fair enough. As long as there is some reason behind it that doesnt harm the animal then that is ok.
That's good. As long as there is a purpose.
I've always thought about trying hunting, but I've never gotten around to it.
Same here, though a lot of people seem to do it for recreation right?
That's true. Hunting has been around for a while, I'm sure.
Yeah, isn't that what exterminated the American bison or whatever?
Oh that's cool. Did they do anything else interesting?
Were there any other herbal uses?
Cool! Anything else you can tell me about Eugen Sandow?
Hah, that's an interesting career change. Did he go to anywhere in particular?
I'm allergic to bees so I have to carry an epi-pen with me everywhere.
It would be nice if they were all stingless.  I know bees have a very good purpose, though, so I don't get too upset with them.
I bet.  It's hard to see your kids get hurt like that.  Bumblebess have a very painful sting, I have been stung by one before.
I know.  He is my favorite transformer.  He is so sweet.
I really liked them.  I thought they weren't as good when Mark wahlburg started being in them.
I love a good hot dog! I especially love one that is loaded with chili and cheese. Do you enjoy hot dogs?
I am not a big fan of sauerkraut but I'm totally with you on the mustard! I would like to thank the individual who came up with idea! lol
Yes! I love mine off the grill! That's my favorite!
Oh you are making me hungry! I love a grilled burger with cheese and grilled onions! lol
I have eaten the low carb burger but I totally agree with you! It's just not a burger without the bun! lol
Oh yes! There are times when I really need to get something done but just can't muster the enthusiasm.
How do you mean? Do you have an example, as I really need motivating sometimes.
So, say I need to go to the store and can't be bothered. My motivation would be that I don't have any food in the house. Is that what you mean?
Ah, ok. I can understand that. And I get motivation in pop culture. Who are Maehr and Meyer?
That makes sense. Dopamine acting on the desire motivation. I need more dopamine!
Do you like the tv show The Walking Dead? I forget what channel it's on.
I like Sci Fi shows and this is more post apocalyptic zombies called walkers. It took me awhile to get into it.
It takes place around Atlanta, GA and Alexandria VA .  And I like the lead character actor, Rick Grimes, real name Andrew Lincoln
Yep.  I like zombie movies also and the spin off show isn't bad either. It's called Fear of the Walking Dead.
It's been around since 2015, and is in the same vein as the original 
Full confession that's both embarrassing but makes for a great story: I met my wife at a Nickelback concert.
But they've also become a bit of a punchline! Not that it matters to me though -- it makes for a great story! Do you know them?
But now...? I was actually at that concert because a buddy dragged me to it. But it ended up with a good ending, given I met my wife!
Ha - yes. She loved/loves Photograph. Definitely one of those teen girls-going-crazy you mentioned. And I didn't know that How You Remind Me was the best-selling of the decade -- wow!
Oh, a baby! So what's *your* favorite band, now?
I love bowling!  Do you enjoy the sport?
What are the other major throwing sports?
Are you good at Bowling?  I try, but have a hard time getting the ball to curve?
Whoa!  So you must be good.  How do you curve the ball when throwing?  Is it complicated?
I will have to try that out.  Thanks for the input!
5
Yeah! I guess I always heard of him as "Elvis Presley". Do you like his music?
Cool! Yeah I've heard a few of his songs but I don't know much about him. Do you know his most famous song was?
Yeah? That's a pretty cool title. Do you know if he always played with the same band?
Okay cool, and his band? Do you know much about it?
Cool, I never heard it but maybe I will check it out! 
This is interesting as my favorite color really is green!
Yes, it is. I like all shades of green, but lean towards a green apple green.
Well, that is a lot of technical info. I wonder if a favorite color is an personality indicator?
Yes, I know of this, but wonder, still, if color preference has any indication of a person's personality.
Hello! I love visiting national parks. You?
Canada is fantastic! I wish I lived there instead of the U.S.. I wish we did a better job of protecting our parks.
That sounds beautiful! I have been to The Grand Canyon and Yellowstone. Both were really great. Have you ever visited any in the United States?
I actually have visited Ontario when I was much younger. Yeah, that's really cool about Yellowstone! I bet in Banff you get a great view of the mountains.
Polar bears would be a site to see! Is there a lot of tourism in the area?
sounds good to me, talking about dogs is always an interesting topic
either for hunting or helping around the household?
i guess before that they were mostly trained as hunting or farm dogs.
its amazing how well a dog can be trained just to get that little treat
but i think it's the other way around, I think the dog trains its owner to give out those treats :)
I've heard of them but I am not too familiar with them.  What kind of music are they?
Any songs that I may have heard?
What year was that released?
Ok.  That does sound familiar.  You said they are from Canada?
I'm a rugby fan, but I want to know more about American Football. What can you tell me?
Is that so? I would never have guessed, what with the whole forward passing thing.
And the padding and the swapping of the entire team depending on if their attacking or defending.
Are there any other major differences?
Hmm. I had forgotten that. In that instance, it's more similar to Rugby League than Rugby Union.
I like to shop online, probably a bit too much.
I love to shop on amazon. So you shop online a lot too? Where do you shop? 
Do they really? I mainly use only amazon.
No I have never used a kindle. My dad has one of those though and it looks cool if you love books. 
I am disgusted by Hotdogs.
I had a friend who used to do inspections in hot dog manufacturing facilities and he said to never eat one.  What are they made of anyway?
I actually had heard that.  That is why I am a vegan...that and my wife forced me to be one.  Hahahahaha.
I hope not.  I have been on it for about 30 years and I am tired of it.  I am going to move to the beach at the end of this year and I think I will start eating meat again once I get there.  Unless there are a lot of vegetarian festivals there.
I don't know, I'm feeling pretty weak in my resolve right now.
Hi How are you doing?
I really love Elvis also
Its a shame that he died the way he did with a drug overdose
For sure, Elvis broke barriers all around with the sound of his Music and the way he would dance
When I was younger, I got stung by a bee on my hand and it swelled up.
Oh wow, do you know what species is the most dangerous? 
I see a lot of honeybees that fly around here. We try to do everything possible to help them thrive. 
We plant a lot of flowers around our yard to promote them to come back.
Even the males and females vary in size. 
I love winter season becuase it is so beautiful when the snow covers the parks!
That is very informative! Another thing about snowflakes are that the pattern that they are formed in is always different from the next.
When enough snowflakes fall from the key, I love to build snowmen, build forts and throw snowballs! Its so much fun in the winter!
There are endless activities in the winter time. You can go ice skating, toboganning and ice fishing. Thats why winter is the best season!
those golden doodles are unique looking
so they only been around that long or they have been around longer and was finally made official in 1992?
almost been around for 50 years.I wonder if she intentionally bred them or was an accident
that makes sense, poodles do not shed but i thing retriever do, so you get a mix of both traits that are desirable
Do you like American football?
How many American football teams are there?
How do you score in American football?
Are there any other ways to score points?
I really do, i live in a mountainous region, so its really popular here, i like cimbing too :D
I have heard of that, i think they use it as a transport method in Alaska and Siberia 
Wow, thats really interesting, i think they use huskies because of the fur and the fact that they are most similar to wolves 
Wow how did they have balance? :D
Thats crazy, fun fact to know :D have you ever tried using dogs and sleds?
I love to read.  What about you? I am currently reading the harry potter collection.
Yes I got it bought for a present.  I am only on the first one, but I am loving it so far.  Which one do you think is the most popular?
Aparently you can do a harry potter tour in London.  I think it would be brilliant!
I know.  Have you read any harry potter books yourself?
He is an interesting character indeed.  The books are so popular. So far the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into eighty languages
You should try them, they really are fascinating and you can just disappear into a world of magic and wizardry for a few hours.
hello, when you get down to it , my favorite color is green
i can see why, the color green is so prevalent in nature
green emeralds are pretty. they remind me of the hard green candy
i not aware of pokemon emerald just the generic pokemon
i just remember the cartoon when my nephew used to watched it
Some days I have the hardest time getting motivated
do you have any suggestions on how to stay motivated?
setting the goal isn't the issue most of the time...it's actually getting started in the process.
is that something like serotonins?
interesting.  I will have to do further research on those topics!
Do you like cheerleading?
I used to do cheerleading in middle school, have you ever participated in the sport?
Yes, cheerleading definitely involves a lot of physical activity. What do you like about cheerleading?
I agree. Sports would be less exciting with out cheerleaders!
Yes, it takes a lot of practice to do.
I was a cheerleader in high school. Were you ever a cheer leader?
I was a football cheerleader. What was the most interesting part about cheerleading to you?
What is your favorite cheer leading move? I loved the pyramid.
When was cheerleading invented?
I've always loved medical documentaries, but i haven't seen that one. I remember hearing that they did brain surgery in the stone age though!
I always found it amazing how the body works. And they're still learning new things all the time.
no kidding. It took me 4 years just to learn accounting. One has to be pretty darn smart to get into science...
I watched a documentary called the lobotomist and it was fascinating. They honestly thought it was a cure all for mental illness. Shows how much we know...
President kennedy's sister actually got a lobotomy. They had to take care of her for the rest of her life because of it.
Green is actually my favorite color too and I have green eyes.
I heard once that green eyes were some sort of mutation too.
What else can you tell me about the color green?
That is interesting. I do not know much about that.
Do you like winter? It is my favorite season
That is interesitng, how cold does it end up getting there?
that is not bad, i live on the east coast and get near 0 pretty often, 40 is shorts weather for me!
I like it myself, it feels like christmas when it snows, it makes your bed seem like more of a privelege too lol
I always cherish winter the most, i never yearn for another season when it is winter. summer, i hate though, i lived in florida and hated the humidity
I love bowling I used to do it for a year back in highschool, very fun.
Haha yea it can be difficult, its actually quite frustrating when you start doing bad. I wonder how long bowling has been a sport?
haha you can give that a second shot.
Oh yea I think bowling used to be a huge sport back in the day, more so than now.
Yea but sadly bowling just isnt as demanding and difficult a sport as football so its fallen off while football is as prominent as ever. 
I had a broken heart from my previous relationship 
Why haven't had a girl friend? Even gays have someone they have feelings for.
Ok. You are right a broken heart can be severely broken
Yes that is true. We are all humans and if someone you hold dearly suddenly leaves it's like the person died 
I don't have instagram. Should I get it?
Instagram
I do but, but is that all that you do on instagram?
That's really great because I have android phone! What else can you tell me?
So I can connect it to Facebook?That would be great!
Yeah same for me i cant stand any time of hunting or animal cruelty
I know i am totally on the same page i cannot believe it is allowed to have animals as trophies
Yeah but still i think the idea of shooting animals for sport is really cruel
Yes it is crazy, i have no problem with caveman killing deers to eat millions of years ago but just for fun now? it is crazy
Yea plus there is organization that gather people to stand against this kinds of acts
I really haven't read that much Harry Potter but I would like to try to. Have you?
Yes I know that much, but how does he even become one? Is he born that way?
Ohh cool! So what about his two friends in the book?
True, so what do most of the books' conflicts involve?
My mother is a huge fan of Elvis Presley! She even got to meet him once! Are you also a fan?
I absolutely agree! He had so many great songs. I really liked "Love Me Tender." Do you have a favorite song?
That's a great one too! Even though my mom was a huge fan, I don't know much about Elvis. Do you know where or when he was born?
How interesting! I wonder when he became famous or when he started playing music?
Nice my dad owns a trapping business in CT.
Yes I know I was just saying... So when you go hunting what do you hunt for? Deer? 
I don't think of fishing as hunting though. Hunting to me is more of deer, duck, etc... When did people start considering fishing hunting?
Hunting for birds is cruel. I don't know how people do that
I like cardigans
I own three, I think cardigans are perfect for the fall
oh I don't like it when people tie them I think it looks weird
i haven't  seen those are they popular or not really?
No, I do not hunt. It is not for me. I am an animal lover and could not do that. Do you hunt?
I had a coworker that also hunts for deer and stores the meat in the winter. I do not criticize anyone that does it, its just not for me. How frequently do you hunt?
I once went to a zoo and fed deer out of my hand. After doing that I do not think I could ever hunt.
I understand hunting to control pest. Especially if they harm the cattle you raise!
If a coyote ever harmed one of my dogs, I would be nuts!!! You do what you have to do!
same its great!
ik think glenn was mine
yeah her has moved on from the show now
is it still goin on today?
yea i dont think it wiill ever end
I always wanted to learn how to do archery. What can you tell me about it?
I would think I would get in trouble shooting at people. Perhaps for self defense is OK.
That is true. Archery was around long before guns were invented. It used to be the most lethal weapon around!
Well if the zombie apocalypse happens I will make sure to get a decent crossbow and change my name to Daryl.
I don't mind going old-school. At least you don't have to worry a bout snapping your bow!
No, but I have thought about starting one some time. It seems like they have become very popular these days.
That makes sense. I know many people subscribe to the RSS feed so they don't even have to visit the site.
I wonder why that changed over time. It seems now anyone with a computer can start a weblog.
Oh I see. It definitely helps to have a proof reader check for errors. Spellcheck can also help correct typos.
Yeah, Twitter sure has changed the landscape of blogs. It seems like every person on the planet has a Twitter account now!
Ever since I saw Forest Gump a few weeks ago, I like to listen to Elvis Presley.  
He is starting to be but I don't know much, why is he the King of Rock and Roll?
What is his most famous song?
Did he win any awards? 
How did he die?
I love green as well. Do you like a particular shade of green?
That is a great color. Where do you like to see green the most? On cars, clothing?
That's a great way to wear green. What is your least favorite color?
How boring. My least favorite is probably yellow. It hurts my eyes.
Yes and it means caution too. I am not one to be cautious!
I appreciate the work of neurosurgeon they save lives 
My girlfriend had epilepsy, a brain disease she survived because of people like you. That was why I wrote my earlier comment the way i did
Yes it started when she was 6 years old. She was 23 when I met her she was already recieving treatment
Pediatric surgeons sound very interesting
of course. I read his book gifted hands when I was in high school, it motivated me alot, the mother raised them up as a single mom and forced them to study because she didn't want him and his brother to be like their dad
I've heard of them, but I didn't know they were Canadian. That's cool.
How many members do they have?
What are some of their best songs? I'd like to give them a listen!
I will have to check that out! Do they still make music today?
I'm not sure I heard of it. Did it do well?
im planning a Skiing trip next winter
no, i just do it for fun. anything i should know  in advanced for my Skiing trip?
ok ahahah i will make sure not to forget them
I  would imagined it was harder to ski with one pole rather than like we do it know
i wanna start drinking protein shakes
cool, tell me more plz
i've never heard of him! Where is Eugen Sandow from?
I'm Russian but i've never heard of him. how cool!
I really enjoy bowling. Its a great way to have fun and to get your mind off things. Do you like bowling?
Yes I agree. Its so peaceful to me also. Whats your favorite thing about bowling?
Yes definitely. Theres nothing more irritating than a 3 10 split. 
Thats awesome. Thats only ever happened to me about 4 times in the 11 years Ive been bowling.
I hear that. Its been a couple years since I bowled so I think id be trash until I got the hang of it back.What ball weight do you use?
I love bowling, I own my own bowling ball.
Yes I do it is hard though because there's ten.
Oh I'm pretty sure it's synthetic, I don't think I know the difference honestly.
That's hard and requires a lot of skill, or in my case luck!
Do you ever watch professional bowling? Those guys only do strikes all game.
I did go hunting a couple of times. It was really fun.
Yeah and a lot of people do it for sport alone. Some people would rather just not clean up the animal afterwards 
Yeah poaching puts an animal in distress and they often die on the traps alive. 
Yea especially in Africa where certain rhino species are going extinct. 
Did you know John Grisham is a popular author?
I didnt know that didn't they make a movie about that book?
Do you know any other movies that were made into movies from his books?
Is John Grisham still putting out books?
I see that is where he probably gets his ideas from.
the land is green ,natures best
why are plants green?
how is green color produced?
what else can you tell me about green?
are you referring to a carmeloun?
I just started bowling recreationally but am not very good.  Do you bowl?
Yeah.  How do you get the ball to curve like the pros?
I just can't get how to do it.  Who invented bowling?
Really?  I wouldn't have guessed that.  Is it popular in other countries as well?
Ive gotten into watching auto racing lately but I am just learning about it.
Are there different races in auto racing? 
Wow, I would love to see that. Are there major races in auto racing?
Seems complicated. What else do you know about auto racing?
I do a lot of my shopping online
I usually don't. There's too much chaos. I will do the online sales
That's mine too! I have prime because I like it so much
No, I don't think so. Is it like ebay?
I need to learn more about accounting
What is the hardest thing about it
Hmm that makes since what else do you know
I have considered going to school for it yest
I will keep that in mind when I decide!
I hate US healthcare - I have so many medical bills!
That's true but the prices seem outrageous!  One night in the hospital is almost $10,000! 
I just want it fair - I got Tylenol in the hospital and one pill was $500!  I asked if my husband could just bring mine from home and they said no. 
I still feel Obamacare didn't solve much - just added a tax to have others pay for other people.  I like those clinics where there's a menu of services so you know the exact price of things. 
I love uploading my picture on there. Do you know when it was launched?
I see, and how many users does it have nowadays? Must be in millions. 
I think its popular because of all the filters. Do you prefer Facebook or Instagram? 
Oh I didnt know that. It makes sense now that Facebook would acquire such a platform.
I see, I think we've all experienced heartbreak at some point. Have you?
Is it different from heartburn? 
I see, I didnt know that. I had heartburn once and accidentally said to my doctor that I was heartbroken!
Interesting that is a very long time
What is an example of such a culture?
water skiing or snow skiing?
Oh ok what do they call it when you ski on one ski?
Nice, I know very little about skiing what else can you tell me?
That is amazing. What else can you tell me about it?
Oh ok how long have you skiied?
hello, I know I am not the only one, i love dogs.
goldendoodle? sounds like what you find in a babies diaper :)
ah okay, so it is a yellow curly lab then
they must be an interesting dog, i would like to see one in person
I am really interested in going into the accounting field, what can you tell me about it ?
i like handling financial affairs and i think i would be good at helping others 
management accounting seems like where its at right now
what was that gentleman's name ?
ah i think i have heard of him
Have you ever been to Ireland? Ive seen pictures from a friend who went and it looks pretty
Yes! Is there many mountains there? 
Oh I see, are the rivers freshwater?
Oh that sounds nice. What else is very special or unique about it?
I live near where they film the walking dead.
They fil it in Semoia, GA. That is correct.
Correction, Senoia, GA  Pronounced Snoy.  Yes, i watched the first few episodes of season 1 but then gave up.
Millennials have no taste in entertainment. 
Yes, i understand it is very popular.  I have played the walking dead pinball machine.
Goldendoodle? I never heard of a breed like that before. Where does it originate from?
Ah, I see. Are they typically friendly? Would you recommend a Goldendoodle to someone who's not particularly good with dogs?
Gotcha. Are they easy enough to find/buy too? Or would I have difficulty finding one if I wanted one?
Hundreds to a thousand? That's quite a lot. Are there any cheaper alternatives that are just as friendly and good with kids? (last part is optional)
Great! Thank you for the advice. I'm not really good with dogs myself, but I am considering getting one in the near future. So your input is appreciated.
Skiing is a cool sport. I have only gone once but would love to go again this winter.
Cool, what are some of the different kinds?
Cool, biathlon means two sports right? What is the other sport?
That's cool, it seems like a random combination though. I wonder if they have any connection?
Nickelback are a band that have become somewhat of a meme in recent years.
They make solid music, but their marketing has led them to be laughed at. Not quite sure how it happened, but a lot of people poke fun at them.
I\'m not the biggest fan. I have heard a variety of their biggest hits though. I think "Rockstar" is one.
I need to check that one out. Have they made any music recently?
I will have to check as well. I have honestly been much of a fan. But maybe they are worth another look.
I drink protein powder with nothing but water
Does it smells and taste good. Maybe I could give it a trial. I am trying to gain muscles here
Do you know the process it go through to be made 
Okay, what other clues do you have for me to gain muscle mass quick and easy?
That sounds interesting, do you have a quota for how many items you have to do a day or is it just whatever comes in?
Do you have to memorize a whole bunch of medical codes or do you have handy reference sheets?
Makes sense, do most medical billers work for hospitals or outside agencies?
Which of those three options do you prefer?
That sounds draconian, computers sure have helped a lot. Do you think you get paid enough for what you do?
I agree, it is so bright and happy and reminds me of money haha
I see, is green associated with anything
That totally makes sense, I wonder what makes green look green haha
I see, so every color has a different wavelength
I've always loved green...the color of nature.
What kind of animals do that?
Wow so cool. So it's like a defensive mechanism?
Are all frogs green?
What else can you teach me about amphibians? This is awesome!
My favorite color is blue, but I like green too.
That is very cool. I did not know.
Merchants and banker wore green? I never heard that one before.
What kind of history?
I heard it is beautiful there
Sounds great! have you been?
I would love to visit there sometime in the future.
I bet. Where do you stay when you go there?
Hey, are you into the NF:
Which teams are your favorite?
Are you upset about Andrew Luck?
Did you hear about the HGH allegations about Manning
That's fair. I hope your Colts get back on the horse soon! No pun intended.
Sounds great, have fun!
tell me more about him
interesting, what else can you tell me about him?
What was his first album?
interesting
Thanks for enlightening me about Lamar
I love me some Dylans candy bars.
I know, the candy is so tastey.
Little works of art that melt in your mouth lol!
Yeah that would be fun. I hope i can visit one too.
Thats really cool. I never knew they filmed tv shows there!
i love elvis!
so you think he is dead?
yeah hewas the king they say
Wow i had no idea!
That was a long time ago!
I have driven a race car before!
Don't Italian companies make better auto racing parts?
Did you watch the Indy 500 last weekend?
Will Power finally won. I guess that name really paid off, since he's raced over 10 years without a win there.
I've seen it in the past, but I missed it this year.
I know a few girls that cheerlead at my college. They are beautiful and really friendly!
Cheerleading
Cool, do you know how common cheerleading is in australia?
Interesting. Do they have cheerleading competitions?
I used to cheerlead in high school. I thought it was a great time and kept me in shape
No it is quite hard and takes a lot of practice. I would stay after school a lot to work on it.
No my school never went to competitions. They look like they would have been fun. I have seen some movies about them, but never went.
Yes I have seen them many times when they come on tv.
I don't even know if they are that popular. Wouldn't they show them on tv if they were?
He is pretty good, I am from Nashville, So i've even been to graceland.
What was elvis's most popular songs?
I know that song, my grandfathers favorite elvis style was when he sang gospel.
And a love of peanut butter, banana, and bacon sandwiches.
Hello, have you ever gone bowling before?
I like bowling every once in awhile, but I'm not very good. Do you know your best score for a round of bowling?
I don't think so, I don't have the dedication to get that good. Plus I'm always drinking when I bowl so that wouldn't help either, but that's what makes it fun.
Nope I don't think so. The real challenge for me is to not get a gutter ball, I'm happy with hitting any pins at all.
It is for me at least. Is there a special name for getting 5 consecutive strikes?
have you ever heard about goldendoodle? 
oh cool, i'm so curious to know more about this dog. my friend got one but i don't think i've ever seen one
do you know what they look like? what's special about them?
oh nice, so people with allergies can have these dogs
that's good to know! Where do these dogs come from? 
I have an accountant named henry!!
Thats insane to me, so long ago
Thats such a weird thing to call it two things
Insane in the membrane to see the divisions up close!
I love ICP, juggalos for life!
Are you a Harry Potter fan? My younger daughter loved the books and movies.
I saw a few of the films and enjoyed them. Did Rowling write all the books?
Wow! I imagine she broke a lot of records with the series.
I had no idea! That is very impressive! Were the films equally as successful?
I really love all candy bars.
No never been there. Never tried this candy bar either.
I'd definitely like to visit and see what they offer.
Oh wow, that sounds fantastic. I'm sure their candy is very tasty.
I see they offer taffy, lollipops, chocolate and more! 
I love to watch the Walking Dead TV show. Can you tell me about it?
Yeah my favorite character is Daryl. I heard he will take over as leader in the next season.
It was sad what happened to Glenn. I can't wait for Maggie to deliver their baby.
Yeah but apparently he dies next season. He is moving on to other projects.
It is the last season so they will have to wrap things up somehow.
I have! I only watched the first few seasons, but I got a little bored with it.
His character is really interesting. I didn't like him at first but I grew to understand him and respect the intricacies of his character.
That part was pretty terrible. It was shocking to me that they would even keep a baby during a zombie apocalypse!
How old is the baby now? I didn't watch it long enough to know.
I have never been skiing. Not even sure what all it takes. Do you have any tips or insights you could share?
It looks easy when I see people skiing on TV but, knowing me I would be the first to fall right of the bat! Have you actually skied before?
I can just see myself now. I would either fall or I would get going and not be able to stop! And, it seems, all of that heavy looking skiing/snow gear that people wear would just get in the way. I guess it just takes practice! Would you ever consider skiing?
Likewise, I think I will definitely pass and just continue to watch others ski from time to time on the TV in the comfort of my home.
I really don't.  I would love to learn something though
I have never been to Asia.  Although I think it would be an amazing place to visit.
He was a pretty tough guy then it sounds like
sounds like it.  I bet he was a feared guy
Pretty impressive resume for sure
Yes, green is one of my favorite colors. Specifically forest green. 
Yes. Do you like the color green? Or do you have a different favorite color?
I do. My partner loves anything emerald. It's everywhere in my house.
Nice. I would love to own lots rubies and emeralds. So pretty.
Yeah I love them! I own one! They are so friendly and nice! 
It's amazing how humans domesticated and bred dogs down to create the dogs we have today. Early dogs were bread to ease everyday task. 
The Dochen was used back in the day to hunt out rabbits from holes in the ground for hunters to shoot 
Hard to believe we domesticated what we use to hunt! I guess the same could be said for wild boar. We use to hunt then then once domesticated became the modern day pig. 
Do you like skiing?
I love it, especially in the winter.
I watch it during the Olympics.
I did not know that, who is your favorite skier?
Wow that is a long time ago.
I've seen bowling but never tried it. It looks complicated. Can you tell me more about it?
Are you supposed to hit them all at once? That would be quite difficult to do.
Where does the game originate from? I don't think I've experienced any game like that.
Is there a professional side to it? I would think it would be a popular game and would get a lot of attention.
Tell me about John grisham
Tell me about some of his thrillers
Wow, was he educated in the Literary Arts?
Wow a lawyer turned Author? that's so cool
That is tough for me without a gun, but it seems like it would be thrilling!
It is hard to do it without one, that is for sure, try to use a stick one day!
That is true, I guess I was thinking bigger!
That is true as well, but too bad most people do not care enough...
Me too, I like to think the world would be a better place
Really? That's pretty interesting. I've never had a diary or a blog. What do you like to write about?
Fun! Do you write in it every day? It is about health food or just cooking or nutrition? 
Yes that sounds like a good idea. So you can get some help with it. Do you get paid for your blog? Like with sponsors and stuff?
Yeah, me neither... It's something I tried learning once though. I watched some videos and tried learning the Python programming language once.
No I don't I try to limit my social media usage! But I'll have to look more into doing some blogging. It sounds fun!
I see, I am studying to be an accountant. Do you have any tips?
 The Panama Papers caused major scandal worldwide, didnt it?
I heard a lot about it on the news. What else do you about panama papers?
Where is Mossack Fonseca located?
Add a little mustard to it and a coke and that's a fine meal.
LOL! What other quick meals do you like? For example grilled cheese with chips?
I agree, good ole comfort food. 
No, I haven't but I will definitely look on YouTube or NetFlix for it. 
Hey there, I'm an accountant at a local tax service. Do you know much about accounting?
Yes, there are many tax firms in the United States. Accountants take on the task of the measurement, disclosure or provision of assurance about financial information that helps others make financial decisions.
His contributions to the field of Accounting were very important in shaping the way businesses operate in today's world.
Yes, there has always been a need for processing financial information about economic entities. There are many students across the country that study accounting in college, just like I did a few years back.
I don't watch much football. What does the offense do?
Sounds interesting. How many players are on the offense?
Wow, I didn't know. When does football start each year?
What does the defense do?
It sounds like a fun game to watch for sure, but difficult to play!
Green is such a nice color.
Makes sense since both those colors make green.
ah yea its very abundant in nature.
Yea its crazy how big of a color green is in the world.
I love history, but haven't taken a history class in a while! What parts of history are you studying?
I don't know much about Genghis Khan. I didn't know he had the largest empire in history! What was he like?
He must have been a pretty charismatic guy to pull that off! How did he do it?
Smart guy then! Not too proud to let someone else take over his accomplishments.
I agree but I haven't listen to him in a long time
yep the King of Rock, You know some of his movies were cheesy but I do enjoy watching them
that was a fun scene. How many songs or records did he make?
I was a kid when he died, I still remember it.
We just call it football here too. I'm not a huge sports fan, but I will watch the Super Bowl once in a while.
That's my favorite part of watching the Super Bowl actually. That, and the food.
That is an insane amount of people! I didn't realize how popular football really is!
I wasn't either unfortunately! Would have been something to see for sure!
Wow! That is interesting!
I love football!  When did it originate?
Wow!  I didn't realize it had roots in the UK!  Pro football started here in America though, right?
Oh.  I didn't know Canada played.  Who is your favorite team?
Is football the most popular sport in the US?
i watched the movies
oh wow I wasn't aware of that
That's discrimination haha but I guess its somewhat her choice as the creator
Yes great fantasy stories think she made like 7 or 8 movies! Big bucks!
Yes children and adults were fascinated! I may even rewatch them its been a while!
Do you know why you are having trouble getting motivated? Are you suffering from any mental illness?
Do you know anything about the psychological reasons for motivation?
Oh okay. Are there any evolutionary reason for motivation or any psychologist that have any studies on motivation?
Ah, so does that many any mouse studies were conducted on motivation? Any famous scientists discuss it?
That's not really informative at all with any of the context that you  have been giving me.
Do you like the color green?
I also like blue due to it being the color of the sky.
Green
Yes. I like green cause of St. Patricks day.
I did not know that. What else do you know about emeralds.
I love money so I guess green should be my favorite color.
Do you like football?
Sorry I meant American football
Do you have American football where you live?
To bad I thought American football was gaining in popularity
I just finished painting my room, gren is the color! i just love it, do you like the color green?
Im sure about it! in psychology symbolizes renewal and growth, so is a deep color!
How awesome is that so i was performing an historic activity and i didnt know, what your favorite color?
Good choices, i love green because it reminds me of outdoor and nature, it was also pope Jhon paul II favorites color
Have you ever been to europe? champs elysees are fill with green so as palace of versailles!
Have you ever been to Ireland
I didn't realize that Ireland was Island
what else do you know about it
what is the weather like?
Be aggressive! Be Be aggressive! That's my favorite cheer!
I've been cheering for the last 5 years, the stunts are my favorite part of cheer.
I cheer for a sports team when I was younger my squad went to several cheer competitions. 
Wow that's awesome, kudos to her!
I absolutely love hot dogs.
I loved them grilled. They are best for a picnic.
YEs. I agree. all the toppings including relish.
Corn dogs are ok. Not my favorite but I will occasionally chow on them.
Yes I do as well espicially peanuts with hot dogs.
my favorite color is green
if I recall it is a secondary color since it is made up of two primary colors
i wonder if green is the most common color in nature
i also love the green color of money :)
Why are you moving there?
That is interesting, what is your job title?
That is awesome, does it pay well?
That is not that many people, that is like 3 times bigger than my high school, maybe you will be popular!
that is great, best of luck to you in your travels!
Me too. I play in a recreational league with my friends.
I'm not good enough to play competitively. I also play with my kids. They need the bumpers.
I once got 4 strikes in a row. I was so excited. Usually I don't get that many.
Yeah, that is the game we play as well. The pins are organized in a triangle.
Its q great question your part,You want to be the likes of.......actress  In the Hollywood
Can one really be famous with just drama ? 
No buddy! I don\'t know about "Yes Band " Do they act drama too?
Oh! They are even singers,was wandering the correlation BTW yes band and our topic sentence 
My boyfriend just broke up with me for like the tenth time.
I don't know if I trust him anymore, but I still love him.
It is very confusing. One minute he tells me he loves me, the next he is cheating on me, the next he is telling me he wants to marry me!
Exactly! I'm so glad you get it. That's why I always break up with him. But he keeps coming back and I can't say no.
Elvis is such an icon in the music world.
He resembles confidence in many ways
I agree with you, and his legacy will always be here.
No where near where it is today, history is important.
I have a hard time being motivated and focused some times.
Yeah that makes sense. Do you know of any stragies to help me focus?
That's true and makes a lot of sense. 
How do you go towards positive stimulus?
That's interesting!
I have a wide variety of colors, but find blue to be my favorite.
Well blue is the color of the sky and water and I feel like it is a calming color.  Green is great also!
Hey did you know that people that like green means you like money, life and harmony!
Yes, I love that! Maybe I will change my favorite color to green!
Out of all the colors, green is the only one my views changes back and forth to love and hate. What's your favorite color?
Yellow is for sure a color I dislike, maybe that's why my view on green changes so much.  You know anything else on it?
That actually makes a lot of sense. It something I haven't thought of before either. I'm sure that makes green a safety color for the
What?! These are all interesting facts. Mona Lisa I was thining was several colors but I never looked at it thinking what colors is this lol. I will next time
Hey. Are you caught up on the walking dead?
Ya I actually used to only live like an hour from the set
I lived in Carrollton. Also got to meet some of the cast at a toy store opening in Newnan.
Sadly no. They were actually just some background zombies. They were nice though. Honestly as much as i like the show i feel like its ready to end. 
Ya and for some shows like supernatural its ok because they have endless inspiration to choose from. I feel like they are hanging by threads at this point. 
i just recently went bowling on a date, and I think my score was closer to 80!! Are there any effective strategies to get better at bowling?
Oh my, I didn't realize there were so many different types of bowling games. What is the most popular bowling game?
Skittles, as in the candy skittles, oh goodness! What did that game consist of?
I see, so are there any other countries that play bowling as sport?
Oh really? I've recently gotten into American football, but I think you're talking about soccer? Is that right?
Oh okay! I couldn't recall the name association football! Thierry Henry sounds like quite an amazing player! Is he still playing?
Holy moly! He's very accomplished! I bet he makes for a fantastic coach!
That's an impressive number! I'll bet many players look up to him. What else can you tell me about Thierry Henry?
That makes sense! How old is he now? Hopefully he'll have years to coach tomorrow's players!
I love skiing how about you?
Wow I had no idea people had been skiing for so long!
nice I love watching skiing in the Olympics
I did not know that
I suppose if you live in a very snowy country using it for transportation would be useful
I like green pretty well, but I guess depending on the shade of green it is. It's the color of money, so that's always good :)
Oh, yes, an emerald is beautiful! That color is certainly a lovely shade. I also like a pretty mint green, do you?
Yes, a lush green yard, the green leaves on a summer day in the park. Definitely beautiful! Some think of green as a lucky color, heard of that?
It's sometimes amazing to me that the process of photosynthesis can produce such a color in plants! But, I prefer that green color over the dead brown when they die!
Yes, well, I guess we all need light to keep growing, but good thing we don't turn green!
I don;t know much about it just that its on tv college games and NFL, can you tell me about it?
Ok in order to score what else ?
I have noticed it is a contact sport and looks dangerous, what else can you tell me about football
I have heard people say football is the most popular sport in the United States
The superbowl is the big game that determines the best team in the league right?
I really love the outdoors.  What national parks in the US have you been to?
I lived in Texas for a few years and unfortunately never went.  The scenery looked breathtaking though. 
Are there any other state parks that go across the US border?
Didn't Teddy Roosevelt have something to do about that?
How many national parks are there in the US?
I really like playing video games. My fave right now is Skyrim.
PC Nation man. But I grew up playing PlayStation and Nintendo. 
I started on the PlayStation 1 but, I will always like PlayStation 2 the best. WBU.
I really liked Final Fantasy XII on PlayStation 2
I\'ll say Archadia even though that empire is the "bad guy", we acutally get to see it in the game.
Hi! My last few temp jobs were in accounting, but that's not what I went to school for.
Not really. Mostly general accounting but I have worked in the legal industry doing that.
Full cycle accounting plus settlements. What type of accounting do you do?
For undergrad?
Do you happen to have a cardigan? They make great sweaters!
I'm a fan of Jim Carey and his work. He has a lot of great work and is incredibly funny!
I did not know that. The Brits have a history of crazy attire. The red coats in war almost brought them a tactical disadvantage most of the time
There have been a lot of extravagant clothing choices throughout the years
I like to do online shopping
Very true its just way better if you dont have the time. Can you tell me more about online shopping?
Yeah its nice that you can use those. What is your favorite devise to use for online shopping
Same here i mainly use my phone since its always on me 
Very true its nice to be able to see so many items without going in the store
Have you ever heard of Insane Clown Posse?
How familiar are you with the horrorcore genre they perform?
I think they would be quite intimidating, as one of the performers is named 'Violent J'
They were quite successful -- they must have made a big impact,.
That is quite a diverse career path!
My mother loves Elvis Presley. He was called the King of Rock and Roll and very popular in the 20th century.
He was born in Tupelo, Miss, where I am from, but then moved to Memphis, Tenn. where he began his career singing
He had some good movies out also . I used to watch them all the time . Love Me Tender was one,
I think he got hooked on pain pills later in his life and that's what contributed to his death.
He had his own style that was unique, kind of country but rock an roll also.
I love fantasy fiction, but I never finished the Harry Potter series.
I know they made movies, but I wonder if the movies are as good as the books.  The books didn't keep me interested, so I worry about the movies!
I think the place I quit reading was where they were at Hogwarts and were being picked for "houses" to live in.  That\'s pretty early on.
How many books did Lord Voldemort survive?
I drink protein Powder with nothing but water
a whey shake with water and one scoop of whey protein powder provides just 110 calories.
 If you are trying to lose weight, mixing whey with water may be more beneficial due to the lower calorie content. 
Protein powder mixes much more easily with water due to the lower density of the liquid,. 
Yeah. My brother has a Fender Jag Stang. I think Kurk Cobain was involved in the design of that guitar.
I was just a little bit too young at the time to really experience Nirvana has it happened. Were you old enough at the time?
Eesh thats a pretty grim description. I wonder if it was more shocking when Freddy Mercury died.
Better to burn out that to fade away?
My ex girlfriend broke my heart. What are some ways to deal with heartbreak?
What are some symptoms of heartbreak?
Wow. So heartbreak can lead to serious medical complications?
How long does it usually take to get over a broken heart?
Does heartbreak usually lead to depression?
When he started making music, you mean?
When was Nirvana formed?
No, that's why I'm asking you what year Nirvana was formed!
Perhaps. Didn't Kurt die at a very young age? How old was he when he passed?
Is it a sport?
Are there any competitions where different teams cheer like in the movie bring it on or is that made up?
How interesting! Do you know if professional cheerleaders make a lot of money?
That's a lot! Do you know what age one would start cheerleading?
I love riding my bike in the mountains near my house.
Yes it is! It really makes me feel alive. I love speeding down hills and seeing how fast I can go!
No I haven't tried that at all. I haven't done any sort of trick biking. I think it would be pretty cool though.
Not yet but I actually was planning a trip there this summer. I guess I can check out the biking scene first hand!
I know they're well known for mountains and nice weather. I just want to stroll around and check out the scenerary.
Where do you shop online? I mostly use Ebay and Amazon.
I havent been to either store in a long time. Im not really a huge fan of Walmart.
I mostly shop with my laptop. I dont like using my android phone. I think at some point we wont have physical stores anymore.
Do they get better deals if they are a business?
Thats very interesting. I suppose businesses make larger purchases than customers. 
I used to like it but it got bad in my opinion
Oh ive heard of it but never watched it
Oh thats weird, i liked the first few seasons
No not that either.
Skiing is one of my most favorite things to do. Have you ever been skiing
Oh really? What are the main things transported by skiing?
I am not sure what you mean. Can you please explain?
What was used at the skis and poles?
Hi, I am a professional in the field of accounting.  How may I assist you today?
That's right!  I am called an accountant.  There are a lot of jobs in this field.  You can work in various fields, whether it's auditing, tax, bookkeeping, consulting and industry jobs.
It's been around since the beginning of time.  There is no other way for businesses to accurately reflect their true net incomes without the help of an accountant.  Accountants also help ensure that all businesses are reporting their income and expenses correctly, which in turn can help business raise money, file tax returns and find optimal ways to improve their business.
Definitely.  The governments can impose penalties and interest on both individual and business income tax returns, if not completed properly.  Granted, they do allow for minor mistakes, but if you are willfully committing fraud or being negligent in your tax reporting, you will be hit with very severe penalties. 
I started learning Japanese a couple of years ago
I know I homeschooled my daughter and she was very interested, we learned to speak some together
For me it is really hard, especially Japanese, my daughter was much better at it, ut I tried
It is really hard and the writing of Japanese is even harder, The language is nice to listen to but difficult to speak
The Japanese culture is beautiful I will continue to learn bits and pieces of the language
I do not like CHinese language, and my understanding is that it is much harder to learn
 I don't like harry potter
It glorifies witch craft 
Yes you are correct
Is te producer a real witch?
That is true
I have several they are comfortable, practical and warm. Very efficient clothing
What kind of material are they made from?
Ok I wonder why they don't use wool for warmth?
Ok can you tell me more about how they are made? Is a pattern used?
Amazing how such a simple concept is so practical and efficient
I like reading the Harry Potter books, even though they're so long they're enjoyable to read.
What's your favorite book? I like the Goblet of Fire
Can you tell me more about the Prisoner of Azkaban? I'm a bit rusty on that one.
And what are the major plot elements?
Oh yeah now I remember, it's a good one for sure. Have you heard of Isaac Asimov? He's my other favorite author.
I feel like Instagram is such a huge trend right now, but I've never used it! Are you familiar with it?
Oh, I didn't realize that. What do you like about Instagram?
Oh okay, so every post has to have either a picture or video? Does Instagram offer filters for pictures?
When was Instagram developed? I fear I'm really far behind on this trend!
Do you know how many people use Instagram?
That's great it would be good to know as much as I can about the stock market
When did humans start trading equities on the stock market?
Nice, which stock exchange is the biggest in the world?
Do you think that crytocurriences Initial Coin Offerings adopting the style of the exchange are a threat to equity markets about giving people opportunity to invest?
Me too I love all shades of green but my fav is emerald green
True green is found all over nature.  Are you a plant enthusiast as well
It is amazing how they can create their own food.  I have quite a few gardens and use Miracle Grow .  It is amazing how that water additive works
No I would not call myself a botanists.  Just an adult who likes to dig in the dirt.  Never grew out of that fun
What is the hunting game?  Tell me more about it.
That sounds vicious.  Why would one practice killing or trapping animals?
Have you ever hunted before?  Is it easy to pull a gun on an animal?
Ah - gotcha.  What is the difference between the two?
Aside from the title of illegal versus legal, are there any difference when it comes to actually killing the animals?  Is it done in a more humane way?
Online shopping in the modern day is insane, we take it for granted every day
Absolutely, a lot of times I can find it cheaper on amazon too, especially with prime.
Online shopping
It's crazy how humble Jeff Bezos is after all his fame. I love all these online food delivery services, Butcher Box delivers meat right to your door it's amazing
No, I have only seen some previews. Looks scary.
What happens when he awakes? What does he do?
Are they able to kill the zombies?
How does the movie end?
Is it a movie or a game? I am a bit confused.
Hello good evening! how is everything going on? i have trouble sleeping so i listen to Elvis Presley! i know weird Elvis makes me sleep
Yes! so you are a fan? my mom met elvis in Las Vegas in 1954, thats why i love him so much!
Yes they are! i think so too, my mom was heartbroken when he past away from a heart attack, she always took care of my eating habits because of this event
I think we are not! 14 grammys nominations, first televised concert in the world ALOHA FROM HAWAII it was watched by 1500 million people, including my mom hehehe
In deed, but i think his great hit was having a daugther, Lisa Marie Presley, nothing can beat that!
So how do you feel about cheerleading?
Did it? That's really cool!
I can see that. Also, the first cheerleaders were men. Looks like women cheerleaders were overlooked until the 1940s
Hahaha what?
That's amazing!
discovery channel used to be so good
did they change it to something else?
ah ok yea i remember now
oh really its that popular?
huh i wouldve never guessed.
I have tried archery in a PE class back in middle school I think, and it was fun but I still dont know much of anything about it. Do you?
Yes it does take skill. I did not know what I was doing and ended up burning or scratching the inside of my arm with the tail of the arrow! Im not sure if its something you can develop with practice or not
Right I would figure thats what it was first used for. At what point did it become an actual competitive sport rather then for hunting for food?
Yes I think thats why in really old forests and feilds that have not been touched or cultivated by man you can sometimes find the arrow heads they chiseled from rock
Did they have tails initially or was that developed over time?
Do you shop online for clothes?
Yeah same 
Yeah me too. I use amazon a lot to buy stuff. Like even this computer!
That's true. Do you liek to use amazon or other services more
That's cool. What else do you like about online shopping?
I'm curious to know about Dylan's Candy Bar
Who founded it?
What year was it founded?
Nice, how many stores does Dylan's Candy Bar have in USA?
wow i like it very much
oh!1what type of music you love????
ohh! I see! :)
yesss :) :) :)
I played a bit of American Football in college, how about you?
Which do you think is the more rougher, rugby or American football?
I see what you mean, what sports do you play then?
Totally agree the NFL is such a great spectacle.
Oh yeah but I feel that players are like everyone else and have the right to voice their opinions
I didn't know that either.  Didn't he shoot himself with a shotgun?
So sad.  He was a really good artist.  What was his reason for committing suicide?
Oh, I didn't know he was in rehab.  Did he have any kids?
That poor kid.  Are any of his band mates still in the music industry?
Oh yeah, I forgot!  Kurt had so much potential.  How old was he when he died?
What is your favorite thing to post on Instagram?
No I don't, please tell me.
That cool, what kind of picture do you like to post.
I used the black and white filter for my dog pictures.
That would make it easier for my friends and family to see my pictures.
When was discovery channel formed?
Is it government owned?
Thats awesome. Who founded the company?
have they always focused on what they currently air or they restrustured and changed focus in between
Me too! What team is your favorite?
I don't have any favorite, I just watch as a neutral. I see, do you find it very interesting?
Yea its a terrific competition. I also like the superbowl
Nice, do you know who one the last superbowl?
Oh, cheer-leading is something I do not know a whole lot about, what is something interesting about it 
Really, that is awesome, Are there any popular cheerleading teams or squads?
I remember that movie, one of my favorite movies as a kid haha, I figured it had been around longer than 1997, that is very interesting. So are the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders something special
I need to watch them sometimes, do cheerleaders do flips and stunts at all?
I have been a gymnast for 15 year=s.
Yes It helps me stay in really good shape.
I use to compete when I was younger, that was the best part.
Yes I think that's something that comes naturally.
Yes I can definitely see that. The circus contains a ton of gymnastics.
I don't like having a broken heart.
I guess it is an age old problem. It seems to come from being rejected by someone you wanted to be with.
That sounds like a major case of a broken heart. What are they consequences?
Wow. What a terrible way to get revenge on the girl or guy that dumped you! The best revenge is living well, right?
Oh ok. The stress does so much damage to the body.
Hey! ever heard of GNR or Guns N Roses!?
OH really!? thats awesome. What is your favorite song?
Oh forreal? Nice! I like the O' Sweet child Of mine song
Yeah I heard about those. Never listened tho
WOW! that's insane
I've always been interested in neurosurgery. The brain is so important.
When did neurosurgery first get discovered?
Wow! That is a lot of school!
I wonder how long the clinicals last
I have heard of them. I like their song November Rain
I heard of their Illusion Tour
Didn't their guitarist slash leave the band?
I heard Axl Rose was known for throwing tantrums
Perhaps, what else can you tell me about Guns N Roses. Do you know what their best selling album is?
Do you like to online shop?  Do you do it a lot?
Same, and I like that people have not tried on the clothes before you
It can get expensive though, I try not to shop too often.
Ok, that's true. But, waiting for the product is sometimes annoying
I do too. I never shop in person
I must confess, I've never watched the movies or read the books. How are they?
Sounds soo cool! How many books are in the series?
Interesting. Who is your favorite character?
I've seen photos of Voldemort. Looks scary. Who wrote the series?
Have you ever heard of something called Dylan's Candy Bar?
I didn't know that.  How long have they been around?
Oh wow that is so interesting.  Do you know how many stores they have around?
what type of unique stuff do they have?
Thats amazing!  I love candy.  I am going to have to look it up and see if there might be one close to me.
Man, I just got back from a bike ride earlier today. Has to be one of my favorite ways to supersize 
Not really getting my swell on so much as enjoying the nice weather. I predominately road bike on prairie paths. 
That's a lot of people! I wonder how many of those people are biking as their primary modes of transportation 
I'd be curious to know how many people die in bike accidents in Southeast Asia. So many people on the road followed up by people driving has to lead to accidents
Me too. It was a sad day for me. I love his songs yet 
Yes, Nirvana was a good band. it still a well known band
I did not know they had several drummers. What is your favorite song from Nirvana? 
I love this song as well! My favorite song is "About a girl" 
It is my favorite album. I miss the good times of Nirvana 
Field marshal is the highest military rank
That is true
That is true. There is so much respect for ranks and hierarchy in the military 
That is true
What two colors make green?
I see. I think it is wonderful how many colors can be made from just the basic colors.
Wow. How did the merchants get involved in such an intricate process.
I think purple has always been the color that represents royalty.
I see that is something I did not know.
Look, hotdogs are my favourite!
YUMMMM!  
No way!!! I would have never guessed! Hey, do you know where the hot dog originated?
Oh cool! Were they made of pork?
I do like to bowl but I'm not very good at it.  what about you are you good?
When I was in school we used to go bowling once a week as a part of P.E. 
ha ha no.  Like I said I wasn't very good.  I had fun though. I always thought they should make the bowling shoes a bit more fashionable. LOL
You would think they would have done something to make them better.  I mean they have made pretty fashionable balls right?
I wouldn't say they are a favorite of mine, but I appreciate the music.  Is his ex Courtney Love still alive?
I didn't know she was in Sons of Anarchy.  They had a child together too, right?
I never really saw Sons of Anarchy.  I've seen bits and pieces and know a lot of people who enjoyed it.
I know the show had a huge following, just like Kurt Cobain. ha.
I am studying accounting in school. Do you have any interest in the topic?
Yes, it is very important in order for businesses to see where their money is going.
Yes, in order to work for a publicly traded company, most accountant needs to have earned their CPA license as well.
Yes. I am looking to getting into external auditing. I will be working on getting my CPA license after I graduate college.
Yeah most smaller companies use quick books
I'm interested in account. What's it about?
When did it start?
Is it popular as a career?
What about computer science?
Is it programming?
Hello. i would like to introduce myself. i own a marketing Consulting firm.  are you familiar with my profession?
Yes, but sometimes our ads have capital letters in the wrong places, so we are a discount marketing agency.
Yes, we are a full service firm:  consulting, ad agency, production studios, sweepstakes and fulfillment.  It is quite a lucrative business for us.
You are correct!  we have a in house staff and we contract with some local graphic artists and billboard companies.  I'm sure you have seen our work.  
No, we are a non union shop.  We have to keep our costs down since we are a discount firm.  If you ever have a need for our services, you can find us on the internet.
No problem. next time i have a big party at my mansion, you can come hang out with me and all of our models.
its a very big part of living and society
oh yea i know it is
oh yea so they dont have over population
oh yea? thats interesting.
thanks for all the info
That's true! Also my favorite color. Tell me more.
Interesting. Do like to paint or know about it?
That's true. I hear painting makes you relaxed.
That's cool. I like Bob Ross!
I am not a big sports fan at all.  Does your girlfriend like watching it?
That does seem like it would be fun - what teams do you like?
So I imagine they play each other at least once a year?
Have they ever gone to the Super Bowl?
I love to hunt but have not been in years how about you?
Maybe that is why I have not been in so long I love animals but my granddad was a hunter we would go hunt deer.
Lol that is to funny now I do stay away from rabbits they are to cute to eat.
Do you have family that goes hunting?
That is exciting to travel and hunt that is one thing I never got to do.
Green is the most natural color, I think. When you look around in wild areas, most of what you see are shades of green. Has it always been your favorite color?
You know, when I was a kid I heard the moon was made of green cheese. I don't know why they said that, the moon doesn't look green. Have you ever seen a green moon?
LOL Now that you mention it, you're right! What in the world is green cheese?! Well, my favorite color is blue. It reminds me of the sky and water. Except the Gulf of Mexico near New Orleans. That's green too!
Now I can get behind bleu cheese! I just wish it sliced. It's too crumbly to put on a cheeseburger. As an aside, don't eat the green hamburgers.
When I was younger I attempted bow hunting, had my own bow and everything.  Did  lot of target practice.
No I did not,  what does arcus mean?
That is fascinating.  Have you ever tried archery?
Yes it is.  My youngest son tried it in cub scouts, he had problems but enjoyed trying. 
Yes they do.  It takes some practice but is very fun once you get going.  I might get back into it now
Wow! What basic equipment do you need for skiing?
What does it mean to compete at an Olympic level? Were you in the Olympics?
Where is cross country skiing most popular as a method of transportation? I can't imagine living somewhere that was possible!
How far are we talking when it comes to "large distances"?
Hi there! My favourite colour is green - I love the Emerald shade. What's yours?
Mmm, I like blue too. Cobalt - that really deep blue you see in the Mediteranean sometimes
Yes! I believe it was used in poison bottles for some time
I think to make them as distinctive a possible - make sure people didn't take poison accidentally
Yeah - we're really attracted to bright shades. I wonder if it's an evolutionary thing - maybe it made it easier to find food
Age restricted?  Is that a retirement community?
Sounds like it.  I've always thought it would be fun to live in one of those communities.  Having lots of things taken care of for you.
I know.  My grandparents live in one of those communities and they never have to leave the property if they don't want to.  Someone cooks for them, mows the lawn, and all their friends are right there.  What kinds of activities do they offer?
I look forward to being 55+ so I can move in.  Why can't I retire now?
Wow. I honestly believe that is one of the most important and best jobs someone can do. To go out there at high speed and pressure knowing someone's job is on the line.
Yea . That's fair and I honestly believe that she would have been a much better president than Donald Trump.
Yea and he has the personality of someone who should be running a prison not the country . He is too racist to be running a diverse country like america,
Yea , him and Pablo are pretty much the same in terms of personality although one was a drug dealer and the other a misogynist.
Why there , I am not too familiar with that place. Can you explain?
I like wearing cardigans, they make me feel fancy. Do you know anything cool about them?
I didn't know there was a modern version and an old version, what was the old version like?
Oh cool so just the buttons are different I guess. I wonder who came up with the idea of a cardigan.
Oh interesting, I'm not really familiar with Coco Chanel, can you tell me more about it?
I have, I am terrible at it, has there every been a famous bowler?
I am sure he did, I know a few people who have, so a pro must do it pretty often!
I have heard of that, only because of Wii Bowling though!
I have never heard that one! We still play wii sports sometimes, I love tennis golf and bowling!
I know so little about football of both cultures that I don't even know if that is soccer or American Football.
Wow, that sounds like an iconic game.
I have definitely heard of Rutgers before.
What makes an intercollegiate football game?
Ah, but probably not as good as the NFL.
I love hunting too!
What kind of animals do you like to hunt?
Fishing is fun but can take some time
Do you ever hunt boars?
wow you sure know a lot
Sorry to hear that. What are the symptoms of a broken heart?
That sounds painful. What can be done about it?
I agree, you need to take on hobbies like fishing and reading to ease your broken heart.
Yes I think I have heard this across many culture. I guess every human suffers from this once in their life!
No I have a masters in math but I have never taken any accounting classes
Yes there are lots of masters degrees out there.  Mine was in pure mathematics - I prefer the theoretical over actual numbers like in accounting
I love pure mathematics such as number theory and combinatorics.  I love studying prime numbers
I do not work in math at all these days!  What are different types of nurses?
That is a lot of types.  Are there different levels of nurses depending on what they do?
I still love Elvis especially his gospel music
I am not really sure, I grew up listening and continued to listen when I became an adult, I also went to Graceland when I was 20
Yes, I was not really that big of a fan to go there, but it was time and chance and we decided to go
No I didnt do that, Elvis was an icon, and I guess always will be
are there a lot of different types of cod or just the one
oh cool! Do you have a favorite?
is it kind of meaty would you say?
wow that's insanely good for you! I would have to try that!
oh I would love to go there one day, I hear it's the best! I live in the desert so fish here is definitely NOT fresh
Are you a fan of skiing? I heard it's a difficult sport.
That's true. Have you heard of Shaun White?
He's pretty good at snowboarding! I heard he did well in the last Olympics.
I did not know that. I can believe it, though. He is one of the best.
I have problem getting motivated
Oh yeah. I do not find reason to do anything, I just want to be idle and do nothing 
DO you mean maybe what i am doing is not what doing. Is there any cure i can have to get out of this
I can see you repeated the same thing and means you have nothing more to say about it. Do you have any scientific study on motivation
i have taken some accounting classes in school
i have never heard of Luca Pacioli, so he came up with accounting?
i was going to be an accountant but other things came up, i wished i have stuck with it
accounting is the language and the financial report is the idea.
one thing i like about accounting is the working with numbers
I like to take L-Carnitine for my long runs, it seems to help my endurance. Do you take any supplement?
Yes that too, but I believe athletes are always looking for an edge. and as long as it is legal to use it is ok.
yes, that seem reasonable since sometimes we don't know what long terms effects these supplements can have on health.  However some of them seems pretty sfe and have been around for a lot of time.
yes, however I would avoid any prepaid "special formulas" where you really don\'t know what you are taking.
I really love music and dancing
So, have you ever been to music festival?
Wow, maybe u need to try it, its so interesting
I love blues, it takes me to another world
Yeah, jazz is lovely too. But I'm so comfortable with blues
I am indeed. I used to love watching his movies on tv when I was a child. Didn't he die back in the 70s?
Me too. I remember he was very popular. Did he have a lot of big hits?
He must have been a very talented man. Would I know some of his hits?
I do know that one! I seem to remember hearing he played for the troops overseas. Do you know anything about that?
I love to wear Cardigan's in the winter. Do you own any?
What else can you tell me about them?
Do you know where they originated?
What kind of material are they generally made from?
That is very interesting. I do know they have become quite popular over the last few years.
I love winter, it's my favorite season of the year. What do you like about it?
Me too. What about the average temperatures during the season?
The average snowfall can probably be pretty extensive too. What state has the most snowfall?
I'm lucky enough to be in the south, so our winters aren't bad. Who has the most mild winters?
What about trees during the winter transition? They can definitely get overburdened with snow.
Interesting.  What kind of things do you account for?
I can't say that I do.  Sounds slightly droll.  How long did it take to become an accountant?
Interesting.  What kind of salary do you make if you don't mind me asking.  Perhaps it would be a field I'd be interested in.
Where can the public find those financial documents?  Is there a specific website they can be accessed through?
Hi, do you go bowling often
yes. I am a professional bowler. 
You reach a level where bowling turns into a mind game, and making a small mistake is how you lose
I play ten-pin the most, but I play duck-pin for fun
Have you ever participating in auto racing, or are you a fan?
It is very dangerous! I heard about a death in an auto race just a few days ago. Sad.
Would you run on a dirt track?
We have a racetrack near where I live that is a rally car track. Are you familiar with rally cars?
Yes. The drivers put a lot of money into the cars. I have friends that are huge fans.
Oh, not me! I am just the opposite..... I HATE the cold!
I guess we are pretty opposite people lol. I prefer long days with light, and getting darker later at night.
Yes, we agree to that. I do like Christmas and that time of the year though.
Yes, that's a good song. I love the spirit of Christmas, I love to get gifts for others, the wrapped presents under the tree, the twinkle of the lights at night......love it.
That's cool. New Years can be quite fun too!
I use to be in a bowling league.
I only bowl for fun, I am not very good.
Yes I have only thrown a strike a few times.
I usually throw a gutter ball.
I sometimes ask them to put the bumpers up.
I enjoy bowling on occasion.
Oh no, me either! I use the bumpers even as an adult because I think it makes the game more exciting to not gutterball every move!
Yes, I agree. I have never had a perfect score. We have some themed bowling alleys around here locally, and each lane is themed like a superhero
Yeah, it is a really neat place. Have you ever played bowling on a gaming console like the Wii? It is pretty fun
Yes, same here!
I used to love The Walking Dead, but it's been forever since I've watched an episode.  I'm so far behind!
I'm usually not into that genre of movie or TV show, but the cliffhangers keep you hooked.
I didn't even know about the show until they were already on the third season, and to me that seems so long ago.
Since I had some catching up to do, I had to stream it on Netflix, or watch the new episodes at a friend's house.
I've never heard of them. What genre of music do they play?
I'm dead serious. Do you know what year they formed?
Wow, that's incredible! Who is the lead singer of the band?
That's radical! Did Chard Kroeger date anybody famous?
Cool. How did the band came up with the name Nickelback?
I started to blog recently. Mostly to review food.
It is a great way for someone to voice their opinions.
Yes, it is confusing at first but from a readers perspective it makes the most sense.
Absolutely and they keep expanding all the time!
Harry Potter is great.  I read all the books.  Im not sure if the lady who wrote it has any other books though
Oh yea, thats right.  What does J.K stand for?
Cool.  What was the first Harry Potter book.  The stone one?
I wanted to go to their wizard school.  I would have liked that more than regular High school
Its weird that he was so obsessed with a teenage boy, but to each his own I guess.. 
I like to study, collect and race cars in my free time.
I think that sounds very old fashioned. lol. What cars do you race?
That's so cool. I guess that's just our competitive spirit.
Wow, very long ago. It's hard to see those old fashioned cars racing around a track.
Hi I love the Harry Potter novels
It is funny when the books first came out I was not into them or the movies
I just finished up the Gregory underland series and wanted to read something else...
 Yes I am enjoying it. but only finished the first two books for now
amazing, hopefully I can finish them this year
I would love to visit a national park in the United States.
Which parks are the most popular parks for tourist?
What is there to do at Yellowstone park? What activities are available?
Yes, I have heard of Old Faithful. Can you tell me more about this?
Thus, the name "Old Faithful" lol
 Yes I have mine is green too
Yes I do is red
Yell  me more purple 
I like purple too but I want to know more about it
Yes I love Elvis!
I know. I can't believe how well known and popular he still is and has so many impersonators. 
Yes it is very impressive how well some of them do.
I never knew that they have been doing it that long!
I love dogs, I think my favorite is a Goldendoodle, have you ever heard of those?
Yes that's the one, I love their curly hair!
Yes they very much resemble golden poodles but with the ability to grow larger.
Yes, that is a great feature, the term Goldendoodle was also coined in 1992.
Yes I deer hunt every year, I prefer bow hunting
Yes I make my own sausage with deer meat and half pork it is very heart healthy and delicious, seasoned with red pepper
Sometimes when the coyotes start getting cattle we will hunt them to protect the livestock
Not concerned about Coyotes getting endangered but the fox are now protected from hunters 
I have two catfish ponds and a bass pond and we eat what we catch, we raise them from fingerlings expressly to catch them for food
wow, that sounds interesting, I'm trying to learn German
omg, and how did you research that?
yeah you're right! hahahahaha, so as I can understand a little, chinese is like an evolution from old japanese?
wait, if chinese is an evlution from old japanese, then means that many japanese people were migrating to China before de 10th century?
It's almost football season! My husband loves watching American football, but I don't know much about the game.
Ha! That's about the extent of my knowledge! Do you know how long the NFL has been around? 
That's news to me! I had no idea college football came before the NFL. Do you know how many teams are currently in the NFL?
I can believe that! I know Superbowl ads are ridiculously expensive! What other facts can you share about American football?
i love cheerleading!
where was it started?
i bet!
that sounds interesting
any schools offer it?
it is named after the gadidae family
Cod fish is very important to nations economies
It is similair to the haddock,tilipia and pollock family of fish
Cod fish are found in the deep cold waters of the ocean
really? i love to snack on popcorn
i guess if you going to cut out starches it would make sense not to eat popcorn
that is the fun of popcorn, when they puff out and pop
but i agree with you on other types of corn i try to stay away from them
My parents just adopted a yappy little Chihuahua. Not so sure I'm stoked about the idea. I don't really know if they have any redeemable or interesting qualities, do you?
Yeah, I imagined they would come from Mexico. I still don't understand why they're so small, though. Did they just get bred that way somehow?
Ah, that's alright. I guess it's kind of cool that they've been around that long. They must have a long and rich heritage, huh? Have they done anything cool since they've been around for so long?
Ah, that's kind of scary actually! Tombs? Were they considered royalty or something? Were they just really popular pets for everyone there?
Wow! How are pulling through?
What lead to the distress?where you jilted ?
You mean having a broken heart is a survival tactics?
Leaving on time! You mean you can't wait for love? Love is patient my friend
neurological ? What type of neurons is responsible for that?
Elvis was really cool. What can you tell me about him?
Did Elvis grow up playing music?
Yea that is surprising. He also did movies right?
Has Elvis won any awards for music or acting that you are aware of?
Oh thats a big one. I know that song. Elvis died fairly young, correct?
It's quite a nice color, I feel like it's the color of nature due to all the green trees and grass and what not.
Oh that sounds interesting, can you tell me more about plants and chlorophyll?
I'm not familiar with minerals too much, but that sounds pretty cool. Do you know what wavelengths of light green occurs in?
Hm that seems a bit big, I think there might need to be a dash in there, so it's 495-570 nm, that seems more appropriate.
I enjoy bowling but I am not very good!
Oh wow I have never heard that before.  I didn't know they had special names for them
ha ha hilarious.  I think I maybe have gotten one strike before. 
No haven't what is candlepin bowling?
Hmm..sounds like it might be easier
I actually read those books in Middle School. I enjoyed them.
No, I'm not. Although, I do think that it is fun to dress up and pretend.
True. It gives people a chance to break out their normal routines and engage in their own worlds of fantasy. 
I haven't had the pleasure to see it in person. I think that's neat. Would you consider dressing up and playing the part?
Haha! I definitely would play. I love so many characters, I don't know who to choose. 
I am the same way. I prefer the movies over the books,
That is a lot of languages.
I have been to Mississippi before.
I did, I would love to go back again.
I really like Harry Potter books, I have read them all.
I have not. She is such a great writer though so I am sure it is all great. 
I didn't know J.K. Rowling wrote poetry. That is very interesting. 
Is that where she is from? I think I heard that she was unemployed when she wrote Harry Potter.
skiing looks hard.
oh yea it seems dangerous too.
oh yea i bet.
yea i agree the other seems insane
yea seems easy but it isnt
Nice!  Are you a cheerleader for a team?
Very nice Big Cutie!   I grew up in Virginia so I prefer the Redskins
I used to cheer for them a lot more 20 years ago when they were good!  not so much these days
Nice!  I don't think anyone outside Pennsylvania likes Philadelphia.  Perhaps the North Carolina team
yes.  i like our minor league baseball team the round rock express
I prefer leather jackets, but i am interested in Alpaca wool. the Incas used Alpaca to make their clothes.  Ask me about vicuna wool.
No, Vicuna is a type of small Alpaca.  They are only bred in Peru by law, and they can't be exported.  their wool is the most expensive fabric in the world.  A scarf costs $1700.
Correct. Only the Inca rulers were allowed to wear clothes made from Vicuna.  And all those Inca roads?  The common people were not even allowed to set foot on them without permission.
They are still there to this day.  You can go on an Inca road tour, where you walk the roads. Of course, there are 25,000 miles of them, so you won't see them all.
Absolutely wonderful experience with the one drawback being the crowds of tourists you will be walking with.  Macchu Picchu is at the top of everyone's bucket list.
Hey there! I really love the color green. You?
Haha, very true. My favorite shade would have to be forest green because it's such a rich color.
Yeah, for sure. My least favorite shade would have to be olive green. I had a really ugly chair that color when I was growing up. What shade do you think is the worst?
I agree on seafoam. Definitely too light for my tastes. I am mostly attracted to the darker shades. What's your favorite green plant?
Haha, agreed! Then I bet you would love the leaves on a Peace Lilly. They are quite dark.
He's ok, but not really my generation. I think it have been what I liked if I'd been alive then. 
No, but that be fun I think.
I like rock or 80's mostly.
Not that I can recall but I know the name sounds really farmilar.
NEver heard of that one.
I knew he was a singer, but I never knew he was an actor!
Wow, I really didn't know that about him. What else do you know about Elvis then?
I never would've guessed that he was born in Mississippi. Is that where he got the inspiration for his music?
Cool! So what was one of his first major songs that made him so popular?
Oh I've heard that, I never knew that was his claim to fame.
My daughter wants to try out for cheerleading. Do you know anything about it?
Yeah all her friends are doing it too. Hope she makes the team.
I think they do both. They have floor routines and formations.
She has done a lot of dance and tumbling already. She will try it out and see what works best for her.
Yeah I am sure she will be fine. I could see her going on to do it in college as well.
I don't think I have heard of them. I should probably check them out since I love candy!
Oh my, I am quite far from all these places. But I visit NYC every summer so I will check it out next time!
I see, I wonder what sort of famous candy they sell to attract celebrities! 
Thats a real big business then! The association with Ralph Lauren probably attracts many people.
Its a smart way to snap some pictures with a celeb, thats for sure.
I love chocolate bars.  Have you ever heard of Dylan's Candy Bar?
Who is Dylan Lauren?
I see.  She is a fashion designer?  What kind of clothes does she make?
That sounds a little strange.  Where can you buy Dylan's Candy Bar?
Do you have any specific plants that you enjoy the most?
I like the different shades of green within the cannabis plant variety.  From the light to the dark and everything in between.
I also like the medicinal effects.  From lower eye pressure to relieve the symptoms of glaucoma, the the relaxing effect of indica to induce a solid nights sleep.  A true miracle of nature.
Excuse me I meant "to the relaxing*..."  My apologies.  Yes it has so many beneficial properties that people are starting to finally find out about legally.
Really, I hope you have had a normal life.
Does this mean you will not develop any prob;ems later in life? I hope not.
You are one of the lucky one's alright.
Why were you premature?
I haven't ridden a bike in so long. I need to buy one.
Yes, it's one of my favorite promotions.
Didn't they have one very large wheel in the front back then?
Yes, I ride a stationary bike sometimes at the gym.
Yes it is a lot more environmentally friendly then cars.
I don't know much about him, my grandmother loves him though. Wasn't he from Memphis?
Oh okay, interesting. Is it true he died on the toilet? Lol
Cool! What are some of his hit songs? 
Number one, that's impressive. I think I've heard that one before. 
My mother met Elvis.
Yes, it was before I was born, but she told me about it.
Yes. I have seen a few of his movies.
I have never been to Tupelo.
I love that song.
Do you like medical science or have you ever considered being a paramedic?
That's pretty cool. I drew blood the other day and the guy I was talking with was a former paramedic. I'm actually like 2.5 years from completing a biological science degree, so I'm definitely interested in medical science stuff.
Yeah they really do. It seems incredibly hectic. It's like emergency medicine. It does looks very stressful.
Yeah I bet. They must be very well trained.
Hi. You know anything about Instagram? I don't know the first thing about it. I was thinking about trying it for my business.
Yeah, I don't know. I'm a Facebook person. Been using it for about 12 years. I don't know much else. Except Twitter, but I rarely use that.
I wonder what the big deal is then. When people can do the same thing on Facebook.
Eh...I don't understand that complicated stuff. I'm a very simple guy. To be honest, I don't even have a smart phone. I use a flip.
Has it happened to you often
Oh wow people actually suffer physical damage?
That is amazing.  Can it actually be fatal?
does this usually last for a long time?
What kind of treatment is normally used?  More therapy or medication?
hello dear who is Elvis Presley?
wow he is a whole lot
where is he from
do you know any of his music
Wow, that's a long time! Do you only ski recreationally?
Oh ok. How is modern day skiing different from the early days?
That must have made it more difficult to maneuver. What other equipment is required for skiing?
That's interesting. What kind of events do competitive skier's participate in?
I hope I can watch some of those events soon. Are there any special techniques used during these events?
Yeah,its as popular as Facebook
Yeah Instagram is mainly for photo sharing I suppose
When was it bought by Facebook?
Wow! Do you know at what cost it was bought?
I love watching the NFL. I'm anxious for the season to start, even though I think Houston (my team) will probably be terrible.
Eleven players on the field, yeah, but you can never count out the 12th man: the crowd! Have you ever been to a football game?
That's definitely the most exciting way to score, for sure. And yes, brewskis are an important part of all sports. It's half the reason I watch, to be able to drink, lol.
Right. Plus now that sports betting has been legalized, there are even more ways to enjoy football.
Yeah that's true. I don't much care for college football though. Pro play is where all the best talent is!
Wait, I missed a Harry Potter marathon? Why didn't you tell me sooner?? I love those stories! Which one's your favorite?
Chamber of Secrets is really good, and it sets a ton of groundwork for the end of the series without you even realizing it. Have you read the books?
You should definitely read the rest of the books. There's a chapter in Goblet of Fire, Priori Incantatem, it's probably one of the most amazing scenes I've ever read in any book.
I think that's just lingering satanic panic from the 80s and 90s honestly. They're children's books.
Oh I don't disagree, they attracted a huge audience, but ultimately Rowling wrote them to be YA, like you said.
Are you a fan of Guns N' Roses?
I'm not really a fan either. When did they form?
Interesting, for some reason I thought they had been around since the 60s or 70s.
What song are they most famous for?
That's a decent song. Are they still making music?
Harry Potter is my favorite book series.
Really? I think that one is really good as well. It really changes the atmosphere of the wizarding world.
Yeah, they do a really good job of integrating various landmarks into the book as well.
Interesting, who is your favorite Harry Potter character?
I love bees but I am allergic to them.
Yes I know they play a very important role in our ecosystem.
Wow that seems like an interesting job! It also sounds kind of dangerous.
Do beekeepers still use smoke to sedate the bees?
They are pretty hard core for me, I do like some progressive metal though, namely Native Construct.
YES! Dream Theatre has like 15 albums, they're immensely talented.
Ahh, yeah Guy Fawkes, the main figure in V for Vendetta became the image of the Anonymous grassroots movement funded by George Soros
It was pretty good, I don't know who directed it but it was well done.
Oooh! I've heard so much about that show, but I haven't seen it! Is it very popular?
Oh wow! I know the show has zombies, but beyond that, what's the plot of the show?
Oh my! That would be horrifying! I think I'd like it! Do you know what network I can find The Walking Dead on?
I'll definitely check it out! Who directs this show?
I want to learn more about bowling. I am supposed to go this weekend with friends.
That sounds fun. Bowling does not sound too strenuous. 
Is bowling team based or individual? 
Oh wow. I didnt realize there were that many variations. I think it will be fun.
Green is my favorite color, its a good thing my eyes are also green. 
That's a very good point, I hate the cold weather cause its cold and colorless.
Yeah, I hate the ice on the sidewalk, I always eat it. And summer rain is perfect when its hot and humid. 
Its worse here in Texas, some are the size of baseballs. They destroy everything including roofs.
Yeah, its already bad when it rains cause people don't maintain their tires and that's why accidents increase. 
Ive never been a huge fan of popcorn! it always gets stuck in my teeth
It smells up the house too much while its cooking too! I just dont like it at all1
Popcorn has really been aruond that long? What an intereseting fact.
wow! how amazing
hi....I am the owner of a small marketing firm and I was curious about your thougths about marketing nowadays
Yes it is..I am the owner of a small firm and am curious if you have positive or negative thoughts about it
I get you. I find it a bit agressive when the same things pop up in facebook!
I do too but I find the amount they spend on them a bit obscene. Which one did you like this year?
Me too. Tried the books, wasn't a fan.
Yes, it is well suited to that.  I know you can find out what 'house' you'd be in at Hogwarts online.
Harry Potter's actor was an inspired choice.  Actually, all the character actors were.
I believe it is because the books are so very, very descriptive they suit young readers who unlike adults don't 'read between the lines'.
They were very violent and scary, just like fairy tales are
watching football is one of my favorite things to do.
I really just like watching my local team.
OH really? I didn't know that!
Wow I didn't realize how far back the sport went.
I guess they had to figure out stuff to do to keep them entertained.
I do like some fantasy novels myself. I've never read Harry Potter though. Who writes the books for him again? I forget
Oh really? That's pretty interesting. When did Rowling start the series? I've heard of the series since I was in elementary. Has to have been a long time.
That's a pretty long time! I recall kids constantly wanting to read them in elementary. Have you ever watched the movies for the series?
I never watched a single one. I personally don't make it a point to listen to them, but they had some pretty decent songs. Any favorite songs by any chance?
Oh wow really. I always hear hype about the movies. I will definitely have to listen to that album. It sounds worthwhile.
Yes both!  Can you tell me about them?
When did it start?
Is it still on television or has it been canceled? 
What about the other show. Mythbusters.  
Who stars in Mythbusters?
I love to bowl! Do you go often?
I have never heard that term! That
Do you play on a league?
I always imagined it would be fun to be on a league. The comraderie would be nice!
Yes, it can be hard to organize a group of adults with busy schedules!
I have never really understood the sport that well, but I know the basics.
I get that part, but when others yell, boo, hiss, and curse at a play that was made, I don't get it. I also don't know what a safety is.
So, are you saying that the technicalities of the sport are not important?
I see, that's basically what I do. But I do feel left out when I'm unable to contribute to the conversation.
That's hilarious! I'll stick to being the appetizer queen of my parties.
That sounds like fun! I don't know a whole lot about skiing. Do you?
I've never done it, but I'd love to! What's the best months to go skiing?
Yeah, I really like watching Shaun White!
That's interesting! How many of the first five do we still have in the olympics?
What do you think about cheerleaders?  I was a cheerleader in highschool!
Yes, people don't realize how physical it is.  they think it is just yelling a cheer but it is alot more than that
It is a sport and I enjoyed all the competitions we got to be involved in as well.  Those were always fun!
Well you have to be physically fit in order to do any good in the competitions.  You wouldn't fare well if you weren't physically fit and ready to perform your routine in the competition
Tell me more
Yes I have when was the band formed
how many people make up the band
Amazing, how many albums all together did they sell?
Thanks a lot for enlightening me about Guns and roses
Hi! I'm such a big fan of Ireland it's my absolute favorite
That's really cool! Do you know the population in Ireland?
Wow, that's alot of people. What's something interesting about Ireland I may not know about?
Awesome. Is there any notable places in ireland you'd recommend visiting?
My favorite color is green! It represents all things natural in this world. 
That's true! What is your favorite color
Oh wow! That is very cool. Did your family recently emmigrate?
I can understand that. I always thought that I was 1/16 Cherokee Native American, but I took a DNA test and I was wrong!
Yes very surprising! My mom\'s test came back saying that she is 2% Indian (as in the country). I wonder now if that somewhere along the way my family mistook an ancestor\'s \'Indian" heritage as Native American! Crazy!
hello  i wear cardigans because i think it makes me look more cultured
 my favorite cardigan right now  is a beige one
I do not have a hand made one, would like one, but they can be costly
i know that is crazy, once in awhile I like to go to second had shops and try to find a great deal
I have never been skiing although I would like to try someday.
I live in Florida, so I would have to plan a trip around going to ski.
I did not know that, guess you have to get down a mountain in some way. That's better than falling down.
Sounds like they were skateboarding down the mountains! Sort of like snowboarding is surfing down the mountains.
Yea I find it to be a calming color. I dont know why.
Ah yes. That makes sense. Do you know if it is a primary color?
I see. Do you know its wavelength? 
Anything interesting you can tell me about the color green?
Medical bills can really destory a family financially.
It is, and sometimes there is no help available to people who struggle the most. 
What exams do you mean?
Oh, well I'm sure there are some sorts of laws that medical billers need to follow.
Wow, is there anyone working to require more schooling?
I really like the color green. Always was my favorite one.
Right. Green is the color of forests and nature. So it reminds me of that a lot.
I remember mixing yellow and blue paint together in grammar school. It also symobolizes 'go' (rather than stop)
Interesting I remember learning that in about 8th grade. 
That's so interesting.  I grew up surrounded by green foliage so I can relate to that, and I also used to garden, well I still do.
i think skiing is for rich people
yeah the equipment is too expensive, even if you rent
that's cool do you have any favorite skiers? 
five millennia?! Wow that's old
well that makes sense scaninavia is sooooo cold
No, I dont. But, I do enjoy skateboarding.
Yes, I am a big Rodney Mullen fan. He is amazing.
He invented many and still skates to this day!
Magic flip is kind of lame. he also invented other tricks like the impossible.
They do look really cool.
I never knew of him when he was alive, but I have liked some of Nirvana's songs since high school
I liked grunge a lot as a teen, I think it was the angst lol
I see, that makes sense
It's sad that he was misunderstood
No I have not but I did watch that Duck Dynasty show for a little while, I tried to understand the duck call and everything
I can see how it can be frustrating. I dont know if I could kill a duck though. Ducks can be annoying but I dont like killing anything unless its an insect spider or snake.
What other benefits are there?
Oh wow, I didnt think of all that. Does duck taste like chicken or turkey?
I love Goldendoodle dogs.  
Oh my gosh, six!  What are their best traits or characteristics?
I had no idea they originated as guide dogs.  How interesting.
Eliminating allergies is wonderful.  
I forgot that Poodles are a great dog too.
Hi there. I am from Scotland, but have always wanted to visit Ireland. Are you Irish?
Really? That's interesting. I know quite a few Irish people and, of course, I know of Rory McLroy, the golfer. I also quite like Guinness, so I guess I'd fit in!
I didn't realize Ireland had that large of a population. Scotland's is around 5 million, I think. Have you ever visited?
From what I can gather, it rains a lot, which explains why everything is lovely and green. It also has a flourishing restaurant scene, with some great new restaurants popping up.
Hmm. What are some of them? Can't think of any off the top of my head.
Oh yes of course, I have them in a box somewhere in my garage! I think I have books 1-4, as I grew up after that and didn't collect the rest of them. 
Of course, for me I guess I just stopped reading actual books in my spare time after I turned 12 or so. I love the movies though! In fact there's a marathon going on this weekend!
Yeah Ive heard some parents are not allowing their kids to read or watch the movies. I suppose for me its okay so long as the child understands its fantasy and not real.
Holy moly!! 82 languages? Thats alot!! I wasnt even sure there was as many as 82 official languages around the world!
That seems so long ago, but its still ever so popular today!
Meat and wine? That doesn't seem particularly healthy for body-building.
Interesting, how much muscle have you grown since you started body building?
Did that legislation impact body builders like yourself?
Have you ever tried that method, if so was it successful?
I love Harry Potter!  I watched all the movies but did not read the books!  Should I?
Do you consider them better than the movies?  Are they an easy read?
Wow!  I actually thought the books were much older.  Isn't the author a billionaire now?
500 million!  I had no idea.  People all over the world must read the books!
That is an amazing fact!  I am sure they will sell many many more in the future as well too.  I guess I need to go buy me some books this weekend!
I love the Dallas Cowboys.
I did not know that, Do you know how many teams are in the NFL
What are the other leagues in America?
I have heard of the CFL before but not the AFL, What doest that stand for?
Hi,yes,i like cycle
yes.that is currect.
no.may be also peoples.
yes,may be...
yes,that's relay.
I love Elvis, what about you?
What would you say were his greatest hits?
When did he die?
That's a shame. What were his typical fans like?
Interesting, what song was that?
I never thought of bowling as a 'throwing sport'.  Thought that was discus
That's why I have never been interested in bowling.  Heavy ball.  Give me a frisbee instead.
How about bocce, the Italian sport?
Why do bowling balls have three holes?
Where did bowling originate?
I don't hunt but my husband does. He hunts mainly deer and turkey. Do you hunt?
My husband does it for food. He doesn't like to buy chemical-laden meat, so he kills the animal/bird and freezes the meat. I'm vegetarian, so I don't partake in any of this!
I wouldn't allow him to kill things for fun. I'd prefer he didn't hunt or eat meat, but that's his thing. I don't cook meat though - if he wants it he can cook it himself!
I'm also ovo-lacto. I'd like to try to be vegan, but I like cheese too much. Neat that your kids are also vegetarian - way to go!
I don't have kids, but my niece is vegetarian - she said at a very young age that she loved all animals and didn't want to kill them. So wonderful
I love American football. It's probably my favorite sport.
Wow, would you believe I thought it was 10 players? That's crazy lol 
That's called a play, right? I don't know a lot of technical terms of the game.
Ah okay, I get it now
Bowling is so cool, I wonder when it was invented
Oh yes, it's great. How many forms of bowling is there?
What are the other forms, if you don't mind my asking
Oh I see, isn't there one where you play on a lawn? What's it called again? Lawn rolling?
I love green especially during St. Patricks Day.
I love to drink green beer on St. Patricks day.
I love trees cause they are green.
I have some hedges in my yard at the house.
I hire someone to clip my hedges.
i love hot dogs
the same
there's all beef hotdogs
yes but certain companies use all beef 
i agree
jazz festivals are cool, enjoying the music and the atmosphere
i have been only to one
what is the swing jazz, I have heard of it but do not clearly know what it is
what is the one characteristic that makes a music classified as jazz
Hi, apparently I'm an accountant
What's that?
I suppose accounting. Such different topics!
Is that like the equivalent of Barney in the US?
Mine is purple. Where does that one go?
Do you know which minerals? That's interesting.
What other things are green?
I suppose I do make that connection when I see the color. I love seeing the green grass and trees.
That's very interesting. Must be why all the plants are green!
Growing up I use to do cheer leading from 7 up to 15 years old.
It was great I formed a sisterhood and to be as one was great we made lot's of memories.
Yes you have to always be loud and sound as one but when it got cold I disliked the shouting part lol we would stay with our voice gone from yelling at the games.
Yes I did the competition team cheer leading wen I got in the 5th grade and was more advance in cheer leading it was fun but we traveled a lot. 
I wouldn't be surprised by that number because every cheer leading competition we had it was hundreds of girls there from all over just our state alone. 
Do you have any favorite kinds of musical events?
So you like music from Cuba? Can you tell me anything else about it?
I'm not sure I understand, are we still talking about music from Cuba?
I'm a bit confused how the Cuban missile crisis is related to music. Either way, can you tell me anything else about the Cuban missile crisis?
I'm not sure I understand, but it sounds interesting regardless. Do you know anything else about Cuba?
Yes they are and they save lives.
They are so important because they see patients at critical lif or death moments before a doctor.
Often times they do not get the credit they deserve.
How so?
Oh okay. I understand. I agree.
I love to fish but i've never caught cod
no, i don't think so! I would like to know more :)
I'm really close to Atlantic ocean so tell me more about Atlantic cod
fresh? eww no :) people eat it fresh?
I love blue, especially the blues of the ocean. Very restful to me. 
Interesting. I find red stressful, and yellow too. 
Well, what do psychologists say about the effects of colors on human behavior? 
Ah, that makes sense. And what about red?
I hate to admit it but I spend way too much time on Instagram!
Do you have alot of followers or do you follow alot of people?
is it really? no i did not know that. that is a really cool fact. any other interesting tid bits?
do you remember which iphone was the biggest seller in 2010?
i remember i had a iphone 4s. that was the only one i tried, im  more of an android person.
My favorite color is green!
I love green on clothing and accessories and to decorate.
Yes and that is why I love St Patty's Day because there is green all around!
Yes it is quite amazing. I love how so many different cultures are celebrated by everyone
I love skiing, I would love to be a competitive skier, what can you tell me about the sport?
Do you have any idea about the history of the sport? What year it started and where?
That's amazing. I sometimes wonder why It's not as popular as football, basketball and the rest though. It's an amazing sport
As FIFA is for football, do you know the organization that regulates the sport of skiing?
Amazing. I think the reason the sport is not as popular is because it needs to be done in a snowy environment
My girlfriend and I just broke up.  My heart is broken
I'm trying to figure out how to move on but it's still too broken to do that yet
I am going to see a therapist who is helping me come up with some coping mechanisms, but you're right.  Being around my family and friends is also beneficial
I think it will get easier once the wound isn't quite so fresh.  It's helping me to stay distracted right now
That's a good point.  Once I start thinking negatively, it's very easy for it to spiral
What's your favorite Guns N' Roses song?
Generally yea. But, I assume you've heard at least one of their songs even if you didn't realize it.
Yup. Ever heard of Slash? He was the lead guitarist
Most people recognize Sweet Child O' Mine or Welcome to the Jungle as they are played often
Indeed. Incredibly popular still today even though they had a lot of band issues
I like his movies.  I can't think of the names of any of them right off.
I believe he got his start in music by promoting African American songs.
I think Blue Suede Shoes is my favorite.
I did not know that. I wonder how many other songs were not his original.
I agree. I have heard that if he sang anyone else's song he demanded a huge amount of the royaltys of that song for a lifetime.
Oh wow, do they offer a mobile application to use on the go? 
Interesting. Glad that it's available for Android now. Do a lot of people us Instagram? 
Amazing. Are there users that theme their Instagrams or are they all personal information? 
Are the hashtags something they can personalize or are they decided by Instagram? 
Oh awesome! So the ap also allows the users to search the hastags for content? 
I do not care for green. I like azure better. 
I am interested in rocks in general. Do you have interesting rocks in your area? 
I live in NE and there is nothing interesting here. 
I have been there before. It is lovely. 
I love to read harry potter books
Very good movies .  What is your favorite film from harry potter?
That is a great one.  I would have to say the same as you the deathly hallows
Yeah i hope in the future they keep making more films and books !
Have you ever taken an archery class? I have and it was lots of fun.
Yes, it is quite neat how it has evolved. It can be challenging at first but once you get the hang of it, it becomes a lot of fun.
I did not know that it dated back that far. I knew it was one of the oldest forms of weaponry but had no clue it was that old. 
Wow, I would love to shoot an old style bow sometime. I have only used modern equipment. I hear the older traditional bows are harder to use.
Yes that is true. Modern technology has made pretty much everything easier to use.
I design video games for a living. Do you play any video games?
Yes! I enjoy making sports and strategy games. I love the way players caninteract on a sports game in a simulated environment.
Yes! In-game interaction is very important. I find that clients also are very interesting in designing games with "character free-roaming" abilities.
Correct. Goals have to be established for the player. Incentive is important to keep people playing!
don't they have competition as well?
ah have you ever did it before
haha i've actually been to a few competition events they were cool lots of people attended 
yes it was cool to be there and i'd want to say maybe about 3-4 lol don't quote me 
oh yea i never actually thought of it originating in us but it actually makes sense 
I know, they are so nice looking.
Like most gemstones, yeah. Hard to scratch but easy to shatter.
Well hardness has to do with scratching, so diamonds can scratch anything but are fairly easy to break.
Must be that they are so hard, since they are used on drills and stuff.
I just finished painting my bedroom my favorite color, green.
I like wearing green shirts because it makes my eyes pop
Oh i didnt know that.  Thats cool that nature contributes to it
I like how chameleons change their colors  to blend in
Is it true Dylan's is like a modern day Wonka
What variety of candy do they offer?
Thats a lot of candy. How about vintage candy?
M&M's are just okay. Any other chocolates you can recommend?
I've never had irish candy before - but I know british candy can be kinda bland, is it the same
What do you think is more important, motivation or discipline?
I really lack motivation, but I've heard it's more important to have discipline.
How can you tell
But what if someone is lying about their motive?  Then you don't know their true motivation.
Green was my favorite color as a kid, very common throughout the world
Its very vibrant and has many different shades
Yep, it is very common in nature too
Yea so nearly every plant has it which makes it so common
Yea things like chameleons can adapt with it easily
My best score was in the 270's. I must have had 9 or 10 strikes.
Are there any names for getting more than three strikes? Is getting four strikes called anything?
Turkey, hambone, I guess bowlers like meat lol. Is there any other weird bowling terminology?
So a perfect game is a twelve-bagger I guess. Do they have any other nicknames for gutterballs?
I love the color Green! It happens to be my favorite.
That is really cool! Dogs do not see colors. Do you have a dog?
I just bought a yellow lab. His name is Ralph and my kids love him.
My wife wanted a poodle but I had to talk her into the yellow lab. Do you have any pets?
Bowling is a really fun hobby
Same, it was fun while in highschool.
Yea there arent many fully throwing based sports that are also solo
Yea its quite simple which is what I like
yea but man can it be hard to do well if you arent good
I need to get some motivation to start working out again.  Tips?
I need to lose about 50 pounds but it's for my health. TBH I don't mind being a bit heavy but my health does.
WOW. What did you use to keep track?  How long did it take?
Good job keeping it off too!  What diet changes did you make?
I have done a week on n off of ketogenic before, it works fast but you don't keep it off.
I lo ve it even when I have only skied twice, once of them as a child.  I love the rush of coming fas downhill.
Wow, five millennia, that is a lot.  Why didn't you like it?
I've never been to Scandinavia, but would certainly love to someday.   I image the equipment have changed a lot over time, right?
I hope to learn to ski properly one of these days, but since we don't have snow or mountains where I live, I have to travel to be able to ski.
That must be weird, the Asymmetrical skis, snowboarding in the other hand seems very fun, but I;m pretty sure I wouldn't be able to manage it.
That's cool! I used to bike a lot a few years ago. I really like trail riding, hoping to get back into it soon. Do you race?
Yeah it's a fun way to explore. Biking is the most fun type of exercise in my opinion, I like going fast so I don't even notice how hard I'm working lol
Oh that's sweet. I had a truck for a bit so I could toss mine in the back, once I started driving a sedan I slowly quit biking since I never got a rack. My town is too small for public transport like you have.
I've seen those around but I've never looked into it. I probably should because I've heard they are pretty cheap
That's a lot of options. Glad we spoke because that has peaked my interest for sure
Oh yes, I love going on Instagram!
Yeah they have many neat features. I wonder when it was started?
Doesn't Facebook own Instagram now?
I also love the new Instagram Stories feature!
Those were the good old days, I'm so glad it's more advanced now.
Hello. I was just thinking about all the amazing colours in the world.  I think green is my favourite.  What about you?
Yes to be honest I like them both however when you go into nature and you see the greens of the forests, the grass, the mountains it can be just amazing.
I dont know much about that.  What is cholorphyll used for?
oh that is very interesting.  Thank you for explaining it to me.  So some of the  things in nature that are the colour green do have very important roles then?
I did not know that it had an alternate spelling, it looks weird without the Z.
I am organising my spices by their colour and flavour. Interesting how cultures have these small differences.
I would think that coffee and soda would be pushing to be more popular than tea. But I guess tea has been in many cultures for much longer.
Yes I have seen teas with ingredients like chamomille and lavender that claim to help with symptoms like indigestion and insomnia.
I have eaten mint ice cream and suprisingly tried a lavender ice cream which was very good. I guess good taste runs in that family!
Hi, I love bowling are you at all interested in the sport?
That's cool to hear it classified like that. I have once bowled 300 in a game before, we call it a turkey.
I didn't know about a hambone that is interesting. Even though I love bowling I'm not an expert on the rules and terms.
Wow, every time I have bowled the objective has been to take down the pins. I may have to look into the target variation.
Wow, every time I have bowled the objective has been to take down the pins. I may have to look into the target variation.
The greenery in Ireland is quite lovely.
That is good to know.    What about the population?
Will the Brexit movement change much there?
Interesting.        Peace in Northern Ireland is difficult.
I guess politics and nature do not mix well.
Blue is my favorite color, because its relaxing and reminds me of the cold! Though, the color green is the most common to find in nature after blue!
Oh I see, what other colors can affect the human behavior?
What do stimulants do?
Oh I see, would that be like the adrenaline hormone?
Oh wow, are there different types of steroids? I hear the word steroids but I am never sure if there are different types of steroids.
I have heard so much about John Grisham. Can you tell me who he is?
I have always heard that. Does he still write new book? Is he still alive?
Whoa that is insane. Do you know if there are any movies they made from his books?
I may have to check that out. Do you know where John Grisham grew up?
I may check one of his books out. Is there a particular one you think I would like?
I suffer from a broken heart
Yeah we where together for 4 years
Yeah it is not any fun
No one will ever get used to it but we will all experince it
oh it's such a cool sport but dangerous!
yeah they do! Do you prefer offence or defence
it must feel good it's so hard!
I know and they're adding way more rules every year
oh no they really shouldn't do that. It's too much!
I like winter as well.  What's your favorite winter time activity?
Those are all great.  I love all of the Christmas baking, too!
Well that's weird.  Why is that?
Interesting.  How long does winter last?
How long is winter in the United Staes?
I'm not sure i've ever heard of them
i will check them out :) what genre is their music?
oh, not my kind of music but i'm curious to know more
oh i know welcome to the jungle song!! it's really good! they play it in my gym a lot
That's such an interesting stage name. i like it
Yes I love green as well. I fell its like the color of life you know?
I want to say most plants are green because of that stuff in them, chlorophyll I think? 
Yes, but I wonder why it is green instead of any other color? 
Ohhh I see that makes sense! So unlike other colors, green was around first because, like plants, right? How could people discover any other color before green?
I love to bowl, but what is the games history, I wonder?
Oh I was talking about the bowling that goes on in bowling lanes, but what are the other forms of bowling?
Oh, I couldn't imagine playing on gravel, it would be so hard to aim! 
Oh, that would be a lot easier than what I was thinking, haha. Which one do you prefer?
What are they for?
Who uses the stock exchange?
Do you know when the stock exchange was created?
What are some other popular companies listed on there?
That is very interesting. Thanks for the info!
Archery is a great pastime, have you ever tried it?
Back in the midwest, a lot of people still use it to hunt. A lot of states allow people to archery hunt earlier in the season before rifle season opens. 
Bows have advanced a lot since then. Compact bows can now shoot up to 400 feet per second. 
That is incredible! the longest bow shot was 930ft and was accomplished by Matt Stutzman. 
Most peoples max range is 50yards and even then, shooting at an animal is only ethical up to 35 yards or so. 
I heard John Grisham is a good author. What kind of books does he write?
Does he have any best sellers?
That's sounds like a good one to start with. Have any of his books been made into movies?
I love Tom Cruise movies! I wonder if he is still writing?
Can\'t say that I blame him. He\'s probably made enough money at this point. I can\'t wait to start reading "A Time to Kill"
Archery as in Robin Hood shooting the apple off somebody's head!  So exciting.
Are there different kinds of bows?
I have heard it takes a lot of strength to draw a bow.
Do people shoot arrows with points, like dangerous points, recreationally?
Can kids do archery?
my favorite color is green
Oh yes. Why do you like it. I love it because it is the color of nature
Oh i see. Does that mean chromium is green?
What are the characteristics of the element
Green is a pretty color. I know know of a couple of shades of green but I wonder how many shades of green there really are?
Emeralds are pretty. What other minerals are green?
I have heard a little about it or know that it is associated with Ireland. Don't know the long story behind why green is a long historical tradition there, though. Could you fill me in?
I did not realize the color green was associated with all of that. I wonder what other unique things it is associated with? 
Wow! Green is associated with so many different things, it is crazy! I had no idea. Definitely an awesome color!
Green is my favorite color. Do you like green?
Yes! Green is also one of the main colors in the RGB color model I believe. It is also a great shirt color.
Interesting! Has green always been common throughout history? I wonder if it was on cave paintings.
Neat! Yes it is fun to paint with yellow and blue to create green.
I really like Elvis' music. What about you?
Can you tell me more about him? Like where he lived?
Oh isn't Graceland in Memphis? I want to visit some time.
I have seen pictures. I heard the museum is great.
Hi. I think it takes a special person to be a paramedic.
They have to stay calm and professional in all situations. Do you think that you have those traits?
I am not familiar with the Big Five personality traits model. Could you explain it to me?
What are the Big Five?
That is certainly a trait needed by paramedics. 
I have Irish ancestry. I'd like to visit sometime, have you been?
That's true. I once traveled to the UK but didn't make it North of London.
I'd like to know more about it's history - I've only had a bit of European History. What is the largest city in the UK?
Oh ok, I've been to London. But, I haven't visited the biggest city in Ireland.
Yes, sounds like it. I would like to take a flight there sometime.
I wear cardigans because I look classy and cultured.
That's cool, do you know when they were first made?
Interesting, what are they usually made of?
What are some other types of knitted sweaters?
Just the color or what are your fav green things? My favorite color is burgundy. 
That makes a lot of sense, if you correlate the color with nature a lot.I think what you associate with your favorite color has a lot to do with why someone picks it as their favorite.
That's true. I do feel its a lot harder to explain why something is my favorite color, unlike why I enjoy a taste.
That's definitely not something I even thought about when it came to favorite colors.
It's tasty and has a bit of fiber too
I see, I wonder who first discovered it
That's longer ago than I though!
Okay, that's really awesome
It's a lot easier nowadays with the microwave
Wow, that must be an exciting industry! Is it a fulfilling career?
I did not know that! What all does your daily job entail?
Oh wow, that is impressive. Do you plan on doing this for the rest of your career?
That is understandable. That seems like a career that has job opportunities anywhere, though.
That is very admirable! Maybe I will choose to branch into that profession!
I don't know too much about Guns n Roses. What is a good album to listen to of theirs?
That's impressive! Can you tell me more about the band members?
I have heard of Slash. Would you say he is the most famous member?
What else do you know about him?
Who was part of Velvet revolver?
I have heard of him before, isn't he french?
Yeah, I remember seeing him often wearing a blue jersey if recall correctly. Is he a striker?
Is he coaching now? 
Nice, I'm sure Belgium will end up doing well with a coach as prestigious as him
I don't know that many footballers, but he is one of those athletes that transcended the sport. I hope the team does well.
Oh thats really sad, I had my heart broken recently by my ex girlfriend, what happened with your friend, is he OK?
Oh ok, yeah its important to give him some time to think and give him fresh air. when my girlfriend cheated on my, My heart was broken so bad that I thought id never date anyone again. 
Oh no! that sounds terrible, I sure hope your friend finds love again with another animal, Just let him know that he has family and friends to back him up.
Oh wow its that ancient eh? I had no idea, I guess that human relationships have been nearly the same all that time. DO you have any relationship advice that can help me cope? 
Oh really thats true I suppose. And yeah I guess ill start up a chat with my best friend, he always knows how to cheer me up, thanks for the info! 
That is neat!  I would love to visit Ireland!  DOn't they have a lot of old castles there?
That's what I thought!  What kind of government does Ireland have?
I didn't know there were two parts!  Did the UK take over that part of Ireland as a result of a war? 
Interesting!  Isn't there a big religious war going on in Ireland as well?
yes i loved nirvana growing up
oh yea? i didnt know that
did they add anymore members?
oh they got better after that
thats one of my favorite songs
I love using Amazon, have you tried it?
i'm currently living in a fairly rural location for work and it's just so much easier to use Amazon Prime for shopping, my only other alternative is driving 30 minutes to walmart
what tools do you use? i've tried priceblink but none of the others
is there a browser extension? or do you have to visit their website?
I've heard of Ebates but hav not heard of Honey, it sounds good though, I'll have to try it out
My favorite color is green.  I love Money, green lights when i am driving, and the color of plants.  Green is fantastic!!!
Yes it is. It is also the color of Emeralds, and sometimes the color of camouflage.
Hmmm that is very interesting.  It is also the national color of Ireland, the dress that the Mona Lisa is wearing, the benches in the british house of commons, and the color of the banner of Islam.
Yes, that is camouflage.  It is the color most closely associated with spring, nature, health, youth, hope and envy.  i love green. It is so versatile.
Now you are getting it.  And here in the good old USA, it is the color of the Green party, who is associated with dvocating environmental protection and social justice.
yes it is. exactly. And when an immigrant comes to the USA, they give him a green card.  I'd love to chat with you further about the color green, but it appears the pizza delivery man is at my door so i must go for now.
Hello, accounting is very fun, I like to work with numbers.
If it is very serious, but it is an exciting job that allows to do all financial processes in an orderly manner.
Accounting is a systematic, verifiable and fallible knowledge, since it is true knowledge.
Yes, it is true, the accountants must work with solid and concrete bases, they must never suppose the facts.
Eeeek - that all seems a bit scary to me. I don't do the whole adrenaline thing very well - I'm the passenger that keeps trying to brake when I'm not driving - haha
Haha I know - doesn't stop me trying though!! My other half is in to all that and has been to watch formula one racing.
Is it? I didn't know that. He said that it was good to go and watch it but that you can't see the race the whole way round, just the cars as they go past you so you miss lots of it.
Oh ok - at least you don't miss so much. 
Now that would be cool
I really like Auto racing. In fact I'm watching the British Grand Prix right now!
It sure has come a long way. This formula 1 race right now is downright bonkers.
Was that influenced by the advent of the Ford v8?
I really like the old Ford flathead v8. I see it as the swan song of Henry Ford; his last great gift to the world.
Do you mean in motor racing? There are more racing leagues than you can shake a stick at. Obvioiusly though, I'm partial to Formula 1.
Hi, do you know about Elvis Presley
do you like his songs?
okey ok..i dont know more about him...but heard his name.. will you help me with some more details on him
ok..i heard he is actor too...
ok..what do you like his song albums
I dont like bees because they sting
Yeah they give us honey and i like that atleast
Do bees have fur?
That makes since to me
Hello
yes, I do. I am familiar with his big hits
Wow, I did not know that. I cannot picture him as an Aaron, his first name fits him bestter
do you play any of his hits on a musical instrument?
I did not know he was born in Tupelo, MS, I figured he was born in Memphis this entire time. 
My heart hurts from a broken relationship :( 
Yeah, I am feeling both right now... :(  Do you know how to make it stop? 
That would make sense..time does heal wounds :) What else do you know about broken hearts? 
Wow, can you tell me more about that? It sounds like what I may have right now. 
I have always been fascinated by neurosurgery.
Definitely interesting. It must be one of the more difficult fields to go into.
I'm sure no matter the country they are fairly extensive though. 
That is a long long schooling. Anything else you think I should know?
I've definitely heard of him and his music, since he was so ridiculously popular. What else do you know about him?
That makes sense, his music was very similar in sound to that of African American music back in the day. I'd love to hear more!
That's so interesting! The fact that his style was so new and unique must be why he became the legend he was.
Oh so that's the song that brought on all of his success. I never knew that!
I had no idea, but honestly I haven't listened to it enough times to really analyze it.
I find ICP to have some of the worst fans, they seem to be crazy druggies quite often
Not as much of a rap fan but i like rap occasionally, mainly like rock and metal
wow didnt know they were critically acclaimed at all, interesting
wow that many? Their festivals always seemed over the top
That sounds like an awesome experience. I wish I could have met the "King of Rock and Roll."
That's actually one of my favorite songs by him. If I had to choose it would be that or Jailhouse Rock.
That's true, but it's so catchy. I think he also toured with Johnny Cash and Jerry Lee Lewis. Those are my brother's favorite musicians.
I haven\'t been to Memphis but I would like to go some day. I bet they have a neat museum dedicated to the "King of Rock n Roll"
I did a little bit of cheerleading when I was younger. How about you?
Thats awesome. Do you take part in cheerleading competitions?
Thats cool. Do you know where cheerleading originated from?
Is it predominantly females who participate in cheerleading or has it changed nowadays to more males taking part?
Can you make a living being a cheerleader? 
Oh man, I know nothing about fish!  Where are they found?
What do you mean?
What do you know about cod?
Are they in all oceans?
What about the pacific?
I have heard of Harry Potter but never seen the movies or read the books. I know they are popular.
That is a lot! When did the books first come out? I remember I was still in elementary school I believe.
Wow! Yes, I knew I was in elementary school because everyone wanted to read that book, and there was a long wait for it at the library, so I just gave up.
Interesting! I wonder if J. K. Rowling is planning on creating any more Harry Potter stories.
Yeah it can! I used to bowl in a league with my friends a few years ago. It was a ton of fun. There's a great sense of community among bowlers, isn't there?
How many strikes in a row do you have to get to get a perfect game, and what score is that? I wouldn't know. I've only ever bowled 120!
That sounds impossible, honestly. Is there such a thing as professional bowling? Like is it televised anywhere or anything?
Interesting that ten-pin is specifically named that way. Are there other types of bowling out there that I don't know about?
I have never heard of any of those, but I think I know what I'm going to be doing on YouTube for the next few hours!
What type of gymnastics do you do?
How long have you done gymnastics?
What can you tell me about your governing body?
Do you practice in any competition gymnastics?
I like winter too. The holidays make it pretty fun. 
I was just thinking that it is winter in some parts of the world, but I can't remember where!
I guess people get used to it but it must be strange to celebrate Christmas when it is hot out.
Yes, they must get used to it. It's just that all the secular imagery of Santa revolves around the North Pole and snow. I think it would be cool to see what other cultures do.
Hi. I always did like the band Guns N' Roses. I used to be a huge fan when I was a teenager.
I saw that on YouTube! He does well replacing the guy in AC/DC. I like the album Appetite For Destruction best.
The first song I ever learned to play on guitar was "Patience" from the Lies album.
Right. I was formally trained for about a year, enough to give me a basic knowledge of playing. And I used to sing along with Axl too, my first experience with singing
A lot of rock music has it's roots in blues music progressions.
I hated accounting in college, I was terrible at it.
Only took two course for my business degree because it was required.
Just basic knowledge, but it was a brutal year to say the least.
Exactly, I hated doing that, its so dry and not interesting. 
My favortie color is green because it makes my eyes pop.
I used to use blue and yellow paint to make green, so that makes sense
Thats pretty cool, like a chameleon?
I never knew that.  Is that why money is green?
Chihuahua dogs are so cool, the Taco Bell dog was hilarious!
They are pretty tiny. What is the largest bredd?
I didn't know Chihuahuas had any breeds other than short haired!
Really? What is their history?
It sounds very mysterious!
Skiing seems really difficult, but interesting. Do you know much about skiing?
Hm, alright. Do you know anything about the history of skiing?
Okay, what are some of the different types?
Okay I don't think that's what I asked, but it's an interesting fact either way.
I'm a big fan of american football
What are some of your favorite teams?
I remember they won a national championship with Tim Tebow, but I haven't heard much about them recently
Alabama is really good. Nick Saban is a coaching genius
Great!  Were do you plan to go to Drama school?
Do you know why it closed?
And after Drama school do you want to act in movies or theater?
Classes should be fun in Drama School, do you know what are the subjects?
do you like popcorn?
yup. that sounds good and the popping sound will be amazing to hear
yes i do agree with you.popcorn is much better than nachos. what do you say?
popcorn seems to be the favorite food for the kids and also it will be a better companion while watching movies  
Someone suggested to me that I would enjoy John Grisham books. Can you tell me a little about him?
Im not really sure. It does sound interesting though. Does he still write?
Wow. That is an insane amount. Have some of his books been turned into movies?
I may have to check out some of the movies before I start reading just to see if I like them.
Hunting is good and fun too
Really? have eaten deer meat  and how does deer meat taste?
lol.woah so you have eaten beer? interesting
OK. I tasted deer once and I said waoh because it tastes good 
The sanwich should taste better because wheat break don't usually have a taste 
Me too!  I have always wanted to visit and castle visiting would be my first choice!
I didn't know that.  What's the ideal time for a visit?
Good to know.  I suppose Ireland doesn't get a whole lot of snow either.
That must have made "settling" there challenging.  Yikes.
Really? Fascinating, is it Americans who call it gidiron or do you know where that term comes from? 
I'm way into football too and these are cool facts I never knew. Is there many football teams?
I think I could watch my favorite team all day! I've always been a Cowboys fan. Who do you like?
Rugby a country? I've heard of a sport rugby, I think anyways
Ok! Thank you. I had a feeling there was a sport called rugby. I don't exactly stay in the loop!
I was surprised to find I loved The Walking Dead. Not my style, usually. Do you watch?
Well, after a few seasons, it really just felt tooooo dark and inescapable. I guess zombies will do that to you...! What's your favorite game?
I haven't -- but know lots of people who love that one. It's had some longevity too, hasn't it? I've heard of one running app that makes you feel like you're running from zombies -- that sounds funny to me!
You definitely can -- that's how most fans of the game I know play the game!
Oh yea, you can't go wrong with the King! Some people even thing he is alive still.
Yes, it is so sad, and speaking of heart it is said that he died from a heart attack.
You are right I have heard that drug use was involved. They still say "Elvis has left the building" too.
That's understandable, a concert is like a party so it's his job to party. Perhaps his ex wife Priscilla Presley wasn't into the party lifestyle.
That is a very peculiar coincidence. Do you know if he ever resided in Hawaii?
My favorite hobby is amateur gymnastics, its really healthy and fun! Have you tried it?
Hehe you can try it, and then maybe you become flexible :D be sure to use a lot of chalk before you try, it really helps your grip
I have never, but i like to watch, the best event in the usa is held in Salt Lake City, Utah, the event is called 2018 American Classic, its Women Gymnastics
I like all disciplines, i am looking forward to 2018 World Championships, witch are held in Qatar
It is very popular in the USA. The Super Bowl is the most-watched sporting event there.
Probably because the field used to have gridirons painted on. Now they just have the horizontal yard markings.
Teams can also kick a field goal through the upright posts to score three points.
In addition, a "safety" can be scored by the defense if they tackle the offensive ball carrier in his own end zone.
Football players have more body armor than rugby players, leading many to claim rugby is a tougher sport to play.
I thought that cardigans were like knit vest?
They are extremely comfortable.
Coco Chanel is helped make the cardigan popular for women.
I think the image of an old school professor in a cardigan is iconic.
I couldn't agree more. It is one of the signs of the era.
I'm a paramedic
Aw, thank you. What do you do?
True, not in yours?
Indeed, it's probably different than here elsewhere
Oh really? So they're not under the NHS?
medical bills are too expensive! i cant keep up.
i wish it wasnt so expensive. if it wasnt for medical bills i would probably have alot better credit
Yes, I usually do. Some are paperless though.
Have you ever managed a claim?
atleast you have a goal! way to go!
I love harry potter
I guess I would be more of a Ravenclaw 
It is absolutely cool, if only it were true
Well we could always put a little Petty Charm on em lol
Is it really that big? I never realized! What are you hoping to see if you go?
It sounds beautiful! Are there any old buildings or landmarks you plan to visit?
That's incredible! Be sure to bring your binoculars! I bet they have some really good restaurants too! Do you like Irish food?
Wow! That's more than I thought! What time of year is best to visit?
Maybe I'll look into booking a trip too! Thanks for the great info! Is there anything else I should know before I book?
Do you enjoy watching cheerleading? 
Cheerleaders have to be pretty good athletes themselves. Many of them do all kinds of stunts!
There are all sorts of national competitions for cheerleading as well. It has really changed a lot since I was a cheerleader years ago!
That's true! Cheerleading is very popular here in the US. Thousands of kids participate, mostly girls but some boys too. 
Hello! I was a cheerleader in high school. Do you have any experience with cheerleading? 
yes, it could be. By chanting, do you mean saying things in unison? 
Yes, they do. I believe it gives the team a lot of momentum. 
Yes, I like seeing the cheerleaders do coordinated actions. It looks really cool
Oh, that's cool. I didn't know that. When did it start? 
I love watching cheerleading competitions. The flyers scare me a bit though.
It's pretty risky. A cheerleader from Southern Illinois University fractured her back and hit her head from falling from a pyramid stunt. She's fully recovered now though,thank goodness.
I think the movie from 2000 Bring It On helped to make it popular too. There are over 100000 participants all over the world competing the the sport.
Yeah, statistic show that 97% of all participants are female, but at the college level it's about 50/50
That's cool! Wasn't he a lawyer?
Politican? Where is he a politican?
Oh! That's really cool. What else can you tell me about him?
Oh ok so he prosecuted criminals?
Wow that's a lot of books!
Well tried it but almost lost my legs.That could be dangerous to a novice
Is it only done on snow,I mean ice?
What are the techniques used in skiing?
At what time was it officially introduced as an Olympic sport?
Then who is the world skiing champion?
Oh I bet. Is it winter when the nights are ridiculously long or do I have that backwards?
I kinda thought it was the same for everyone, but then I've also lived in Texas my whole life, so what do I know right? LOL
Hahaha, not at ALL. At least not in Houston. We did get snow at the end of last year, but that was the first time in a few years honestly.
I'd be much more interested in what the Native American term for it would be. I bet they have some cool things to say about the seasons.
I don't think so. What's drawing your interest to the southern hemisphere though?
how do you play the game ? with a ball and your foot?
oh wow that sounds complex, where do they play these foot ball at ?
kinda like a real football field ?
oh that sounds like fun then
No but I've tried to! We fostered a dog for a few days but sadly it had terrible separation anxiety issues. Funny enough, I've trained a rat to play fetch, come when called, and to use a litter pan. 
I've never heard of the Koehler method - I've heard of clicker training, though, and positive reinforcement. What can you tell me about the Koehler method?
Oh, that's neat. What else did he do? I wouldn't ever guess a US Navy Commander worked with dogs 
Wow, sounds like a really high honor. He must have been a pretty brave guy
 Sounds like he must have led quite an interesting life. Son of a prince, dog trainer, Navy Commander... wow!
I think that Genghis Khan has a fascinating history 
Didn't that empire stretch over most of the continent and then some?
Wow, can you imagine having an empire that large? Did he have children of leaders to help him manage?
I have always wondered about his sword made from a meteor, is there any truth to that?
Thank you for all of the information! It was incredibly informative. 
I like American football. What is your favorite team?
Cool I am a Ravens fan. I'm sure you're disappointed about your Super Bowl loss this year.
I agree, it was a well fought game. I wonder how many years Brady has left in the league?
I think you mean 1977. 40 is quite old for a football QB.
I had no idea it started so soon!
Do you know how many teams are in the NFL?
Who is the best time considered to be
Do you know anything else about the NFL?
Yeah I love to watch it! I worked with a company in the automotive industry! 
That's cool, have you ever seen a live race before?
Yeah, it's very exciting. I really like the new electric cars. I'd like to see them get faster.
I've been keeping my eyes on the new Tesla cars. I'll probably get one some time!
My favorite color is green! I like it's such a pretty color! Do you like green?
That makes sense! I remember mixing blue and yellow paint in school to make green.  My favorite shade is like an emerald green.
Interesting! What else can you tell me about the color green? 
I wonder how that compares to other colors?  I don't know much about colors and their wavelengths! 
Hey, do you like cardigans?
Me too. My fav is the waterfall style but it's going out of fashion now I think
Do you like pullovers too?
What else do you know about types of cardigans?
I haven't ever gone skiing, but my kids do and love it. Maybe one of these days I'll try it out. Do you ski?
Snowboarding completely eliminates the needs for those poles too. Interesting that they used to only use one pole. Maybe they were the first snowboarders!
Surfing yes, I have. I've always lived near the ocean so it was easy for me. I really enjoy the water and riding the waves.
No competitions for me, I'm not that good. Shorter is my preference, but I'm open to either. I went to the Banzai Pipeline this past March, last week of the big waves, and was awestruck by the skill of the surfers there. Way beyond my level.
I've never been there. If you ever want to see something amazing, winter on Oahu is incredible. The waves were between 24-30 feet high. Surfers looked like dots riding them!
Nickelback is the best band that has ever existed on this earth.
Yes, they are better then The Beatles. Rock Gods, Chad the lead singer is my Jesus.
Do you plan to name your children after the band? 
Just wait they will pass them soon. These Rock Gods are only what The Beatles wish they were
I have not but I intend to soon enough, have you?
Is Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone the first book of the series?
Do you know how many books are in the entire series?
That is a lot of books to read do you enjoy the series?
I have heard a lot about her and the series I will have to give it a shot one day!
Have you ever been waterfowl hunting?
Sort of yes, it is duckhunting and you sometimes have a dog with you to retrieve them
It depends, but it certainly can be for some people
That is how it is here as well, I think that makes good sense though
I don't really know much about drama school. Is it really highly competitive? 
So the kids have to compete just to get into the schools themselves? Do they have official competitions of some kind?
So they compete while they are still in high school to get into the drama schools they are seeking? 
That is interesting. Do you also have to compete to get into the drama club or how does that work?
I spend a lot of time on instagram but I don't really like it.
I guess that is true, I just don't like those ads!!
Do you know why they don't have the timeline in chronological order though?
Oh no they've modified too much leave it alone!!!
I never tried to be a cheerleader, but they were always popular in school. What about you?
Yes, they have lots of spirit too.
I even remember a few. They were quite catchy, huh?
Yes, I know in smaller grades, not so much. But, in high school and college, it definitely requires strength and endurance.
Honestly, I have no idea as I've never been skiing either. I can't even skate so I doubt I'd be able to ski. 
Yes it is. It looks hard to do. Even if you could get your balance, to actually navigate the snow would be hard.
Yes! Me too, it is so fun to watch. Even if I will never be able to ski, I could watch it all day long!
Wow really? I did not know that!
100 centuries ago is a very long time ago. I had no idea it had been around for that long.
Hi, I love Elvis Presley. How about you?
That's long ago, how long did his career last?
That's short lived, how many albums did he release during that time?
How did he die?
If that is his first single, what would be his last single?
The recent history is so sad for such a beautiful country
Throw in this Brexit business which only makes things worse.
Yes, I feel that Irish politics has always been difficult.
The Irish Republican Army is quite a handful!
what was the real cause?
I like to listen to Elvis! Have you heard him?
Yes, I love that song! I really like his version of "My Way"
Yeah! In reality he didn't have too long of a career. Its a shame he died young.
Right, he became popular pretty quickly! When did he die?
Wow! I think somebody would have seen him if he's still alive. Is he in the rock and roll hall of fame?
Awesome! Do you race yourself, or just watch?
I bet that was exciting!  Did you cheer for anyone in particular?
Do they really soup up those race cars?  Like with more powerful engines and stuff?
Gas guzzlers!  LOL!  I've seen racing on tv - some of those cars look pretty cool! Nice paint jobs on them!
Yeah, it can be distracting sometimes!  But I guess they have to get the money from somewhere to pay for those big engines!
Hi! I really like bowling. Do you know anything about it?
That's true. I heard that at most places you have to actually pay to rent shoes. 
Me too, to be honest! I've never even gotten a turkey (three consecutive strikes). 
I virtually never get any strikes at all. It is funny, if I went back in time I could bowl in Ancient Egypt! But I probably still wouldn't be any good
They're all so difficult! I'm an avid bowler like Richard Nixon, but I'm pretty sure even he is better at it than me! 
I shop online so much! I love it because i can read reviews
isn't it amazing? and then it gets delivered right to your door
yes, it's very helpful
i agree. I love looking and comparing products
No, I haven't. What is the objective of the game?
What is the target?
What happens when you knock them all down?
Have you ever bowled a perfect game?
Wow, that's an impressive feat. Is bowling popular in the US?
Yes - field goals especially can save a game
yes and our players seem to be a lot bigger than rugby players
i did not know it was so long ago.  that is earlier than baseball
nice and when was the ncaa formed?
That is interesting was it the first college sport?
no, i wasn't ! I guess i learned something new today. :) i don't know much about Elvis. Where is he from?
wow, my husband is from Mississippi! I bet they have Elvis museum somewhere in MS
I\'ve never been a big fan but he has some nice songs. Wasn\'t he the one who sings "Only you"?
i don't think i've ever heard that song
i will listen to it today. i bet it's really good
It's almost the best time of year. the first kickoff of American Football season.
I'm sure it's a complete different game then it is today. The year the Detroit Lions will win the super bowl.
Strange now those are college teams and not NFL
Any clue when the NFL started?
I can see the similarities. I love rugby. I wish it was more popular here.
thats interesting, ive never hunted before.
oh yea well it wouldnt be hunting if you didnt
yea its for all the meat and game.
oh yea poaching is bad.
I was looking at adopting a goldendoodle. Can you tell me anything about them?
Which breeds are crossed? Is one a poodle?
Oh ok. It is a cute name. I was hoping to get one that is a puppy.
She must have had a lot of experience to come up with such a novel cross-breed.
They are becoming all the rage these days. In fact they are getting hard to find because they are in high demand.
I love the color green it reminds me of trees and nature, Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum
In early modern Europe, green was the color commonly associated with wealth, merchants, bankers and the gentry
Green also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture.
Its a popular color world wide, green is the color of the banner of Muhammad, and is found in the flags of nearly all Islamic countries 
Green is the color most commonly associated with nature, life, health, youth, spring, hope and envy
I almost bowled a 300 game a few days back. I was so close!
I do I play all the time! I go to a ally by my house.
I think it is the normal thing for bowling. Do you know what the ball is made of?
I have never tried that, What is the object of that?
I love accounting,  is versatile 
No organization can do without an accountant. 
What are the differences? 
And  management accounting ?
Do you like bowling?
How far back does the history of bowling go?
Which country does the sport of bowling thrive the most  currently?
Are there any special skills one need so as to be able to play?
Amazing, thanks for telling me about bowling
I like to listen to Elvis Presley's songs.  Do you?
Yes I do!  His mansion, Graceland is amazing to tour too. 
His daughter was a lucky girl to have such a loving father!
I don't know.  He did spend a lot of time in Las Vegas, so maybe they did. 
I think he would have been an artist in residence there for sure.  
Yes it was very sad.  I remember it very well. 
That sounds right. I need to get consulting for a variety of things.
I need help with my own future planning. I may need a consultant at some point.
That sounds interesting. Does consulting relate to public and private entities?
That's useful. I have been a part of organizations that consult.
I love them as well! I have most of their CD's, DO you have a favorite Guns N roses song? 
That has to be my fave as well, How many albums did they release anyways? 
Oh wow I thought they had more albums, Also thats a lot of money! Do you know if the band is still together today? 
Wow thats a pretty great achievement. Id love to see them some day and possibly get an autograph. Have you ever met them in person? 
Oh dang! Well that stinks, But yeah id want to get my CD's signed or I might even bring my poster and have it signed, Any other cool Guns N Roses facts you know? 
Do you use instagram alot?
I actually don't use it but my niece and mom use it all the time.  do you like to use it?
for some reason I have just never downloaded the app.  I do have facebook but I guess I just didn't see the reason in having both
Is it much different than facebook?
Who is Kurt Cobain?
Tell me more about Kurt Cobain
what was his achievement?
he must be an icon
i do! It's been a while though. i don't really think i'm good at bowling lol
do you know when this game was originated? or who created bowling?
Oh, it's okay :) Bowling balls are so heavy, i feel like bowling could be a good arm workout lol
really? I was always wondering why there is a picture of a turkey on a screen after each strike
i wonder if anybody ever achieved that
I love hot dogs fresh off the grill with some coleslaw.
You do mayonnaise I will pass but I over to put mustard and ketchup. Do you eat yours with fried or chips?
No I havr not what is Frank furters?
I didn't know that learned something new do you like Italian sausages kind of like beef hot dogs. 
That makes two of us Italian is one of my favorites as well especially pasta I love extra sauce.
my sister is a cherrleader and is one of the best in her school team
yeah they are, they go to competitions all the time. Could you tell me more about cheerleading?
that is really interesting, i noticed she always comes extremely tiered from her workouts
that is incredible i never thoguth it would be such a popular type of sport
it is incredible that such a huge tv organization like ESP would promote ir
Have you heard of the band Guns N' Roses? 
It is amazing. They formed in 1985 in Las Angeles, Ca. 
Their debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" in 1987 reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 a year after its release. 
Yes, that song was on the album "Appetite for Destruction". I feel that song is what set Guns N\' Roses to be the band they are today. 
I love motivation because it gets you inspired to do different things
correct . It also gets us to accomplish task and set out goals for what we want to accomplish in life
yes, thats true, but its always great to act in a positive way because you can acomplish many things
yes. The definition of motivation is the reason or reasons one has for acting or behaving in a particular way.
Thats also true. An individual is not motivated by another individual. Motivation comes from within the individual
Popcorn is delicious and a healthy snack if made right. I am actually eating some as we speak haha
That's interesting, I assumed all kernels could be popped and wasn't aware that there were different strains. How many other strains are there?
Wow! I didn't even know. So I guess they are considered GMO then and not naturally occurring? I've been trying to stay away from GMO foods 
Wow! I think corn is older than the pyramids!! Haha, that's cool
What do you know about american football? Do you have a favorite team?
American football
I enjoy watching the Dallas cowboys. I grew up rooting for them and it has stuck with me ever since!
I do love movies, i watch so many of them. i want to see the new jurrasic park because it is not currently football season.
I do love the superbowl, my entire faimly sits arounds and watches that one.
coldest season of the year in polar and temperate zones
Funny enough people in the tropical regions always wish for it as much as those in temperate wait for summer
Do you think there have ever been times without any summer at all in the arctic?
My favorite  winter  experience is associated with snow and freezing temperatures, what about you?
Amazing, thanks for sharing your insights about winter
Green is actually my favorite color!
Yeah that makes a lot of sense, when I was younger my favorite color was different.
Interesting, what kind of flowers are they.
What do they look like?
I wonder if those are named after the mythological figure Narcissus.
Green is my favorite color especially because money is green lol.
Really I did not know that you must know about your colors do you like green kale shakes?
I love green cabbage do you like green beans fresh ones though?
We can definable agree on that I love snaps do you wear the color green alot besides St. Patrick's Day?
My birth stone is emerald green so I try to wear it others times in the year besides Irish American holiday.
Hello. I'm involved in an on-again, off-again relationship, and I don't think my girlfriend understands.
I'm not sure. What do you think is usually the case in relationships like this?
Indeed, that's true. What steps do you think we can take to improve the relationship?
Yes, I think that communication is key. What about couples therapy? Could that help?
Archery is a really fun sport.
Interesting.  When was archery first used?
I really enjoy the long bow.  Do you know when it was created?
Wow, and it's still relevant today.  When was the first compound bow created?
How many people engage in archery in America?
I live in a frequently-cold climate, so I am experienced with the cold.  Are you?
In my area, they say "If you don\'t like the weather, just wait ten minutes."  So adaptation to vagarities is the norm.
Yes, in my area winter has a lot of snow and freezing temperatures.  Do you have a cold winter where you are?
No, not the Arctic.  But still quite cold.  Summer is beautiful, though.  I am anxious to get outside and enjoy it.
I really like bowling, I thought of turning professional once. 
Well I did it for so long I guess my passion kind of fizzled out. You need to be really dedicated to go pro in anything. Are you big into sports yourself?
Don't even get me started on the perfect game! It's like chasing a beast you can never catch! What console do you play mostly?
That's cool, I'm not much for mobile games. Yeah there's a bunch of lingo in bowling like hambone and all the different split variations, and the lingo varies by region too.
Haha it can definitely be a tough game, but like everything it gets easier with practice. What do you like to do for fun? You said you're not good at anything, but I doubt that.
I use social media a lot, but mainly Facebook and Twitter.  I have an Instagram account, but don't really understand why it's so popular.
That's what I don't get.  I can share pictures on Facebook with a narrative.  Instagram doesn't have much writing.  Is that what people want now?
I didn't know that!  I follow a lot of pages with news and things on FB.  Does that type of thing exist on Instagram?  I would think not.
My teen uses something similar to Instagram called Snapchat.  All he seems to do is take selfies on it.  It and Instagram just seem vain to me.  It doesn't feel like real communication.
I dont bowl much is it hard
Yeah i guass it can be fun
I do like music but I dont like video game
No what is that?
I might have to check that out
I have never gone hunting before so I'm not sure
I do not have a pest issue in my area, I did not know pest control and hunting could be the same
That'
Thats very interesting, I did not know it could be done in such a humane way though for pest control, I assumed it was always just for fun.
Sounds cool, I know some cheerleaders and they all love it.
That would make sense, as that was a big movie.
Wow that's a lot of people. I assume most are women.
That's good, since diversity is healthy for most sports and occupations.
Do you know much about hunting or do you enjoy it?
I would be so mad if they killed my chickens!!!  Do you set up traps?
Do you then relocate them?
Who is that?
Mmmm hot dogs. Actually I think that my favorite food is char-grilled octopus.
Not normally. I usually have to go down to the docks or the fish market. They'll grill it up around there.
I have. Last time I was there it was just before they got rid of the bubble gum wall.
I guess so. I've been there a couple of times. The last time I was there it was for business and I was sick as a dog.
My favorite color is forest green! I feel like it compliments my skin well. I feel like there has to be some cool facts to know about it, though.
My girlfriend always teases me about green being my favorite color.. Do me a favor, tell me the best fact you know about green, or the coolest instance of green in nature, etc. Just something to show her it's a good color to choose as your favorite.
Yeah.. that's kind of cool, actually. Merchants and bankers, they're good peeps. Well, what else might she not know? I don't want some common knowledge, I want the good stuff!
I'm actually part Irish. Maybe it's genetic that I like green. Maybe I didn't have a choice! Can you shoot me one more quick cool fact?
Hi buddy  I heard about that but not know much about that
ok buddy good. it is good for cool weather
Oh, Its have more shades and stylish colours
Ok ok then its a traditional products. How much is cost
Yes I have, it can be really scary. Do you like it?
Carl was one of my favorites. Is the show finished or still running?
It feels like Walking Dead has been going for a long time now. When did it start?
Yea, that basically sums up the entire series. What else do you like about it?
That's true, although he has made a lot of terrible decisions that would jeopardize his groups safety.
Hi, I really enjoy bike riding on a beautiful evening. How about you?
Well, I'm just a casual rider. What type of rider are you?
I have. I used to live in Colorado where this sport was very common. People went up and down Pikes Peak on mountain bikes. As well as on many beautiful trails there. Have you ever mountain biked in the Real Mountains, like that?
Wow! That's pretty fascinating. Is it a difficult ride? How long have you been at that?
Wow! You sound like you Really enjoy Cycling & are very knowledgeable and experienced. Thank you for chatting with me about that today! Have a lovely day. :)
Yes it is good and tasty. i like more
This type of sausage was culturally imported from Germany and popularized in the United States
The history of the dish may begin with the creation of the sausage, with the placing of the sausage on bread or a bun as finger food
 Hot dog preparation and condiments vary regionally in the US.
It is very tasty and good snacks.the hot dog eventually became ubiquitous throughout the US during the 20th century
Is it any good?
What other actors are in the show?
where is that?
where do they film it?
how many series have they shown so far?
I agree, what are some of your favorite Discovery shows?
I've seen that before, it sounds cool. I respect the dangerous work they do.
Interesting, can you tell me more about why you like it?
Speaking of Mike Rowe, I also like watching his show Dirty Jobs.
That is a long time. Is American Football popular?
I wonder who even thought up this game. There seems like there are a lot of confusing rules.
How many players are on the field at once?
I know you get 6 points to score a touch down and one for a field goal, but sometimes they get 2 points after a touchdown. How do they do that?
Hi!  I am not a fan of American football.  Are you?
My husband loves the Giants.  My best friend is a Jet fanatic lol I am like OMG when is the season over 
I agree.  The whole thing is confusing lol Hubby likes watching them kick the field goals, he gets anxious lol
Oh wow I didn't know  that.  I think it's weird how soccer in Europe is really American football.  They have nothing in common.  
I know!  I am not sure how us American's messed up American football so much when you look at it this way lol
Hands down, the best color is green. There is no argument.
But blue and yellow aren't even complementary!
The lack of green, in general, is why I dislike Sweden. No green in the flag, not much green in the country in general. Boo!
Chlorophyll? More like BORE-ohyll!
I hope Ireland unites. North Ireland should not be in the UK
Omg, actually mine too, my living room is painted green :D, why is green your favorite?
I like it because its the color of nature, would you paint your living room green?
Yes there should be more green buildings in cities, so people at least feel like thats nature
Yes its the process by which green plants and certain other organisms transform light energy into chemical energy
I havent heard of that, probably something happening in a lag, right?
I love reading John Grisham books. He has some really good stories
Do you know where he lives?
What is his best selling book?
I have seen that movie. In my opinion his movies are not near as good as his books.
No i do not play. But i am always curious about the game 
Yes i do but not with full concentration so i still do not know much about it. What are the rules of the game
How many players are often involved in the american football 
Hmm okay. I know they share many resemblance. SO i would ask what differentiate the game from each other?
I see. I can see american rebels on so many things
Same here.  My favorite team is the Saints!
Wow!  I did not know it was that old.  Do you know who the teams were?
Interesting!  Did they have pads and helmets, or was it sort of like how rugby is?
I did not know football came from rugby.  I guess that is why I assumed that.  How many football teams are there?
I am only familiar with the NFL.  Are the AFL and CFL feeder leagues to the NFL.
That's a long time! I have never been skiing before, but I'd love to try.
What meaning did ski have? That's so interesting! Did they ski for recreation?
Oh wow, what kind of use(s) did it have? Was it just to get downhill quickly?
Ahhh makes sense. It seems like the easiest way to travel when there's so much snow. I love watching skiing in the olympics. It's probably my favorite sport to watch :)
Yeah! I saw this one variant where the competitor skis while shooting a bow and arrow or something crazy like that. It's soooo weird.
I have seen one before and they are so cute.
Has it been successful for that purpose?
Is it completely safe for a person with a dog allergy?
Okay that makes sense. Thank you.
I've never heard of them. I'm excited to  hear more about it.
That sounds really interesting, I never knew this genre exists, I used to listen to Rap before in general.
So it's pretty much just horror put into the music.
Wow, that sounds pretty extreme to me. From the way you describe it kind of like screamo but with the insane part added.
Yes they do, especially once you've been around mentally ill people or with disorders you see their pain and don't want to joke about it.
Who even is Kurt Cobain?
Ohh wow I didn't know that he was on Nirvana.
Must be why he was so well known. Didn't he kill himself?
Oh damn, that must've been horrifying to stumble upon.
Do you think Elvis Presley is truly still the king after all this time?
Personally I always preferred Johnny Cash over Elvis but you cannot deny that he had the moves
What is your favorite song by Elvis?
Nice, I always get into Hounddog when I hear it.
Yeah, and for daring to move his hips like that. Scaring all the old women!
I've never seen a game, but my husband loves football! I don't know much about the sport! How do you score points?
Oh! I think I get it! Does each player have a different role to play on the team? Do some kick and some block?
Oh really?! Is the US the only country to have this style of football?
Thank you for explaining the game so well! I think I understand enough to watch some games! When does football season start?
A lot of people hunt in the area that I live, but I never really got into it myself.
It does sound fun, but I think I'd have a hard time killing an animal unless I absolutely had to!
I bet hunting goes VERY far back! I imagine it was a huge part of our evolution.
Hunting must have been much harder before the invention of guns and bows!
I can imagine! We need to be careful what we hunt. Isn't hunting beneficial for some species though?
I really enjoyed wearing Cardigan sweaters in the fall or winter.  I think it adds a bit of sophistication to a person's wardrobe.
I remember as a kid, watching Mr. Roger's Neighborhood.  He always wore a cardigan.  They were knitted by his mom.
They are kind of gotten back in style in the last decade.  I always prefer wool cardigans, but the can now be made with cotton or synthetic fibers too
They do have some advantages, I will give you that.  But they can be uncomfortable and some people are even allergic.  
I work as an accountant. Have you ever needed to hire an accountant? 
Wow, I had no idea they've been around so long. I've only been working for a few months since I finished school. Do you know what kind of things they do?
Yes I am good at math. For now I am mainly doing book keeping work, nothing too complicated. 
yeah good point. I'm hoping to do more work as I get more experience. Do you have any other suggestions on what accountants do?
I love weights and running . Helps your heart and weight
Burns a lot of calories too. Much more than running I think,per hour 
What was the name of it, the Twist. No that was a dance.
To bulk up faster?
I can really tell it when I haven't exercised in a few days. 
Hi, I am studying to be an EMT Paramedic. 
I am attending School of Paramedics. Can you teach me something about it?
Yes its a very stressful job too, involving long hours right?
I will! I will be working night shits, hopefully that will be less stressful
I am frightening that I might miss too many classes. I really wouldnt want to have memory loss!
I don't really know very much about it. What do cheerleaders do exactly?
What type of sports have cheerleaders?
That's amazing that it caught on so much. Is it like a full time job?
I never knew cheer leading could be more than just a hobby. What else do you know about it?
Hello i was curious do you know anything about accounting?
Accounting
Accounting
Oh that sounds complicated, can you tell me more about accounting ?
Oh wow i did not know that .  I guess i have learned something new today thank you for that information.
The Discovery Channel has a lot of interesting shows on, that's why I like to watch it a lot.
Damn that's a lot of people that must watch it then.
That's so many people that own TVs but I'm not surprised. I really don't know what my favorite is, honestly.
I loved MythBusters, but isn't it not on the air anymore?
i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured .)
from what I understand, Cardigans have buttons, to distinguish from others
hmm, never knew that
so where did the cardigan first appear?
I have not personally been encumbered with medical bills but I know they can be devastating to a family. Do you have any personal experience with this?
Absolutely! It is a very complex issue with no real clear answers in sight. I do feel for families though who can't afford to take care of their loved ones.
Wow! I had no idea! What can you tell me about this 1854 health care proposal?
How did it go? Was it well received and adopted?
Showing my ignorance here, but who was the president at this time?
My favorite season of the year is winter. I love all that comes with winter such as colder temperatures and snowfall. Do you enjoy winter?
What else can you tell me about the season of winter?
So, in some countries it is based on the weather rather than the calendar month? 
Is winter typically the same is each country despite on how they determine the timing of the season?
I always find it amazing that they are celebrating summer in Australia when we are in the heart of winter here in the United States! lol
OH YES I ALSO LIKE IT
YES ITS VERY CORRECT
OH COLOR PRINTING IS SO NICE TO SEE
CHLOROPHYLL IS EVERY WHERE
YES IT GIVES ENERGY TO THE PLANTS
Do you like Dylan's candy bar?
Sure, I'd love to hear about it. What kinds of things do they make?
Interesting. Where are they located?
Oh, I wasn't aware of that connection. I bet her dad has really helped her out!
I see. Who is Holt Renfrew?
I love Ireland! My husband and I went there on our Honeymoon! We flew into the Shannon Airport, it was so easy!
Do you know what part of Ireland she was from?
I think a large part of the world still considers the Irish lower-class. Dublin is thought of as dirty. Neighboring countries do not get that rap.
Do you know how many Irish people died in the great potato famine?
 How did hunting begin?
Isn't too much hunting bad for the environment? 
Yeah, but wont animals become extinct if they are hunted and killed too much?
Oh, that's interesting. What are some early tools and weapons that were used for hunting?
What are some examples of animals that are commonly hunted?
Wow 42 different languages. I used to read his books all the time. I haven't read them in years now.
Is it the one that had Tom Cruise? I think The Firm?
Oh I remember reading that book. Wasn't that also made into a movie?
What other books did he write that were made into movies?
I remember reading he was pretty involved in the movie making too. I wonder if he wrote the screenplays.
genghis khan did so much in history
oh yea and he conquered so much so fast
thats insane amounts of land.
oof yea he was brutal.
I almost thought you said you've been around for five millennia!  But in all those 5000 years, I've never been skiing at all.
I remember seeing in an issue of National Geographic a picture of skis throughout the ages, and some of them were massively long. I wounder which one The Count would use?
He\'s more of a numbers person, so all he would think is, "one ski, ah ah ah. Two skis, ah ah ah."
So maybe that wouldn't be his sport at all.  Unless he's counting the number of wipeouts!
Yes, they were very popular in the early 2000's.
I can't remember what their big hits were.
Wow, I didn't know they were that successful.  Are they still making music?
That's a long time ago.  Do they still tour?
do you like elvis music? MY mom used to be a huge fan of his
Aw im sorry to hearthat. he was before my time as well. do you know anyone who listned to him?
ive heard that as well. do you know of any songS?
i wonder if that was any good!
Where can someone learn about the stock market?
Interesting. So technically, when people purchase stocks, they are purchasing a small claim or share on a business?
I'm not sure I understand what you mean.
Maybe the stock market is too complicated for me to understand. Do you have any investments in stocks?
That's incredibly large, wow! Any tips for a beginner wanting to invest?
i enjoy john gresham movies , but not his books
They are a bit long for my taste
He is very popular. My sister is obsessed with his works.
Now I see why many of his works are based in the southern US
He is so accomplished!
Well I love Green as well so of course I would like to know1
That is really cool! I love looking at green on the specturm.
That makes a lot of since. I have always wondered about camo in the rainforest.
I know that without plants we would all be dead.
I am Irish as well! Maybe that is why I like green so much
I have become interested in archery!  I am not very good, but am trying to learn more about the sport!
Yeah, I am trying to approach it cautiously.  When was archery created?
Interesting!  What does arcus mean exactly?
Yeah, not too much of a need for archers in the modern military!  If I use a compound bow, is it still considered archery?
Do you like the color green? It isn't my favorite but it is found everywhere in nature.
I do love the reds and greens of Christmas. I wonder where that tradition originated?
What else do you know about the color green? 
I had no idea! I always thought of nobility as being associated with the color purple. And I do love the color of money! lol
LOL I always wear green on St. Patrick's Day!
One of my favorite bands despite usual protests is Nickelback.  How about you or who is one of your favorites?
Speaking of Canadian rock bands, my absolute all time favorite band is Rush. I have every album by them!
Yes, they changed drummers after the first album from John Rutsey to Neil Peart and the rest they say, is history.  I have been to many of their album tours.
Yes that is true.  Their last tour was for Clockwork Angels and they had an orchestral accompanyment which was really cool.  Those guys can still rock in their 60s!
why is your favorite color green? 
that is a great reason! is spring your favorite season? 
what do you like most about fall? 
i love the fall as well, what is your favorite activity to do in the fall? 
that is great! what is your favorite movie to watch? 
I've heard of it, but never watched it. Should probably look it up and see what it's about, or you could tell me :)
Where is it streaming? I have Netflix and Hulu.
Netflix you say? Great, I'll check it out tonight. I've been to Atlanta so it'll be fun to see some familiar sights.
Well I've got some catching up to do then. Who directed it - any idea?
I remember as a child listening to Elvis Presley sing. What a voice that man had!
Very talented man. I also remember the day he died - I was at work as a server in a pub and the news came over the radio. Very sad.
Sure was. I wonder what he'd have been like today if he hadn't got into drugs and stuff. Any idea when he was born?
Gosh, only three days after my Mom, the very same year. And yes, a long time ago, though she'd dispute that, lol!
I love going to candy stores, it really takes my back to my childhood.
Wow, it must get extra attention with that kind of affiliation
Oh cool, that would make it extra-magical when you go inside. 
Thanks for the recommendation, I do like candy especially those from my childhood like coke bottle gummies or candy corn
I love green, its my favourite colur
Is it a primary colour?
IIs green the most used colour in the world?
Wow. Do you think the majority of the people in the world prefer green?
Is green your favourite colour then?
Green is one of my favorite colors. What about yours?
Oh cool! I just love how many different shades there are too!
That makes sense, so much of nature is green.
Is there any reason that this chlorophyll is green?
Irish coffee is a great way to start a weekend
There is a shop in my town that serves Irish Coffee, called the Dirty Mug.
I prefer brown sugar!
I have a crazy sweet tooth.
Krispy Kreme has the best in my opinion.
I tried to learn snow skiing.  I just never did very well. So I don't like it
That is a long time.  Was it invented in the Nordic countries?
China-that is interesting.  WHy are modern skis so long?
Were the Chinese skiis made the same way long ago? I think I would be better with snowshoes.
Now that is interesting. I know I could do better.  Long skiis always cross in front of me.  Can't keep them straight.
I don't usually wear sweaters but when i do i feel like I should wear them more often. Do you wear sweaters a lot?
Haha those are my favorite. I love to go to GoodWill or Salvation Army to find the ones from the 80s!
I actually get most my clothes there. Even though I can afford new clothes I just don't care enough to pay the price.
That's amazing, Do you ever shop at any Salvation Army locations for anything?
My favorite thing there to buy is athletic gear, I have shirts that were already used but they have lasted me for many years and i only paid 1 dollar for them haha.
I hear you. I am great at procrastination. I wish I was better at taking initiative.
I work great under pressure. But it is risky to put things off so long in case I am unable to complete it on time.
Exactly, I couldn't have said it better myself. So maybe my boss should give me an earlier deadline so I will do it on time, haha.
Perhaps I need to come up with an award system so I will have a carrot to work for.
What are the bases then? I am curious to know.
I love JK Rowling as well, she is an excellent author
I love the stories theme of her stories and how she made them grow up in each book
I dont know but even the follow up movies have been really good, the Fantastic Beasts series
As they all do, ultimately the books are way way better and the audios to the books are unbelievable, Jim Dale is the best.
They appeal to young people and older people as well there are not many writers that can do that
Cheerleading seems to still be popular among kids?
Thats a lot of people, I guess I would have thought more though.
That is true, so it appears there will always be cheerleading no matter what.
So there is legit training for this now?
I actually haven't read anything by John Grisham. 42 Languages! That's amazing. What kind of novelist is he?
Oh wow, a Jack of all Trades it seems. Do you have a favorite novel? I'd love a recommendation!
4 years is an incredible amount of time to spend on a book, I bet it is good. I will definitely check it out! I imagine it's a thriller about murder?
That book has always been highly recommended, I am excited to check that book out as well. I know it's controversial but I'm sure it's well worth the read!
Well, make no mistake, on my next trip to the book store I will be purchasing both titles and look forward to learning more about these highly recommended authors
They are a great band i think welcome to the jungle is their best song
That is a great song as well. who is their singer again?
slash is great! i love his solos
Those are both great! so do you know any cool info about them?
Wasnt he in rehad at one point
i heard of people dying with a broken heart.. have you heard of that?
ohhhhhhh i didnt know that
how often does that happen? have there been studies done ?
thats understandable 
Do you watch American football?
Yeah, I don't actively seek it out.
The amount of topics was limited. This one was probably the easiest to talk with strangers about.
Wow. That is a long time. It was probably a lot more dangerous for players then.
I never understood why they chose that name. 
True. The ball is hardly kicked compared to the rest of the game.
True! So has green always been your favorite color?
There's not much green in the lawns here because of the heat
sounds like a great idea. that would get some green back in the yard
yes but i can't paint my yard blue and yellow.  lol
My brother is a professional skier.
He does it as a competitive winter sport.
I really enjoy watching the competitions.
I haven't seen that one. When was it?
I have read them but it has been many years. Do you like fantasy?
They follow a young wizard named Harry Potter throughout his schooling years. 
I would suggest reading the books over watching the movies, if you are a reader- they are long!
I did not feel that way but I could see how others would. They involve dark magic. 
Guns N' Roses... what's so great about 'em?
I've heard that before.. but what's interesting about them? So, first off, I can't even remember what decade they're from. '80s? '70s?
I see. What do you think is cool to know about them?
Motivate me to listen to their music! What's something you could say that would make me want to look them up after this
Haha.. fine, yeah, probably. If they're that popular, that many people can't be wrong. Guess I'll listen to at least one song.
What animals do you hunt,?
Do just go hunting down animals, how about the wild life preservation policy?
What animals do you refer to as ferals?
What are the types of wild life preservation laws we have,are there any?
It may sound unusual, but I really hate popcorns and can't understand why people eat them so much
Do you always get popcorn right before entering movie hall?
How come people love these popping things which have absolutely no taste at all. I feel like eating piece of paper
Do you have any information about its origin? How did people discover it?
Which one is considered the most tasteful one?
I have not read it but I have heard very good things about it.
Wow, that is a lot of books. Have you read them all in the series?
Are they books for children? I thought that they were for adults too.
I see. Isn't the series about magic and wizards and so forth?
A very common theme for books! 
Have you ever visited Yellowstone National Park? It's a cool place!
That's very true. Tedy Roosevelt also had a lot to do with National Parks too  I believe. 
Yeah I think it would be really cool to visit them all but that's a lot of ground to cover!
Six parks? That's crazy! I bet some states don't even have any!
Really? I though for sure a state like Texas or Montana would be bigger. 
Have you ever been skiing?
Good. Because I hate it! Snowboarding too! That's just like skiing, but with one BIG ski!
Wow. That's crazy. I didn't know that!
Interesting. I'd rather bobsled.
That sounds more fun than regular skiing. 
I have and I really enjoy it!  What type of skiing do you prefer?
What do you do in cross country?  Isn't it just sort of like running, but just on skis?
That sounds fun!  I also like to watch the winter Olympics.  My favorite to watch is where they are jumping off ramps!
Yeah, it is fascinating.  Who is one of the more famous skiers in the world?
I do remember the name Bode Miller.  Is ski flying the one where they wear what looks like a sky diving suit and a bid helmet?
Gosh.   I was a Junior in high school when he died.  Nirvana was always one of my favorite bands.
I'm not too familiar with the Foo Fighters.  What popular songs did they sing?
I might recognize it if I heard it.  Who else did you listen to in the 90s?
I have never heard of them Crooked Vultures.  I will have to look them up.  Do you still listen to that sort of music now?
I\'m a fan of music as a whole and can listen to "just about" anything.
Same here. I find that I like putting things off as long as possible.
Interesting. I wonder how some people are more motivated than others. Perhaps it has to do with their reward system.
Often times if I think there is a big reward for accomplishing something I will prioritize it.
The reverse is that if I think there is no substantial benefit to doing something I will keep putting it off.
Even coming up with these sentences on motivation takes a bit of motivation for me, lol.
I just love the color green dont you
I didnt realize that either, I mainly like it because it is the color of nature, trees, grass, it is soothing
I never thought about it in terms of chlorophyll? that is quite interesting
I do remember it now that you say it, but would not have been able to to pull that fun fact out of a hat..lol..
Green is a great color, there are so many different shades!
Very interesting. So it plays a part in photosynthesis?
That would make sense, since all the rest of the forest is full of green things.
Those terms are very technical, I don't know what that means yet but I'm hoping to learn more about it.
i want to be a paramedic,who are they?
what aspect of healthcare do they handle?
Ok ,so what other aspect do they handle in an hospital
What was the earliest history of paramedics?
so waht institution if any can i take a course in paramedics?
Hello, my name is Mary, how big is your consulting firm?
What is your best information about a consulting firm?
Have you ever worked for a consulting firm?
I worked for both a mechanical/electrical and energy consulting firm, I have 24 years of experience. Have you ever hired a consulting firm?
I like that a lot of times you don't have to bid for a job when you are consulting because the client is already looking for someone with your expertise.
Thanks for the chat!
No I haven't . I wanted to because it is very popular. Just never found the time.
Post apocalyptic horror . I like sci fi movies and this is on cable so it's fairly easy to catch if you want to watch it. 
Yeah you should, I like that one actor Reebus something. He's pretty cool.
There is even a show about the show. that comes on after each episode I believe. 
Zombie movies and in general are really popular right now for some reason.
Yeah, sometimes. I like posting pictures of scenery and food that I take.
That sounds neat! What is street style - street style as in clothes, right?
Oh! British fashion culture can be nice. I like pretty much anything cute, a bit of gothic fashion too.
Oh really? For my high school it was usually what was trendy, mostly popular and hip hop like you said.
Yes motivation is very important. Do you know why? Are you sleeping enough? Eating well?
Yes perhaps. But depending on what it is, you could also develop a dependence on them. 
Interesting. I feel that being healthy is the first things someone should try. Eating, exercising and sleeping. Also developing good social support. 
Yes I agree. These are directly affected by by how we use our body. Also getting the correct amounts of specific vitamins and nutrients affects our neurological homeostasis.  
I've always wanted to read the Harry Potter books but I've never gotten around to it. Are they good?
Wow that's a lot! So what is the Harry Potter series about?
That does sound like something I'd like to read! How many books were in the series?
I probably would then watch all the movies afterward lol
I have a sweet tooth and I eat a lot of Dylan's Candy Bar.
I haven't heard about it. All I know is this candy bar is delicious! 
So is it that Ralph Lauren's daughter? The one known for fashion?
That's so cool! Dylan Lauren probably had a lot of money to start her company.
I love the walking dead!
I agree, it keeps getting better as it goes on
I never knew that!
Interesting, I would have never guessed
Wow, it doesn't seem that long ago
Do you like Nickelback? What can you tell me about him so I can be convinced to listen to his songs?
Really?  isn't that a good thing. Artist who release music very often are usually not serious artist thats what I think though
I like him because he is from my country
Yes, what more can you tell me about Nickelback?
Amazing. What about the other group members
Uhmmnnn! Is it a tasty chocolate?
Candy shop turned boutique where cloths are sold?
What's an Artisinal? Tot we are talking candy chocolate?
Have you visited the shop or know any of their locations?
What other stuff do they sell?
I could see that. There are many tools to help people stay organized and on schedule. 
Yes, luckily with cell phones now it makes it easier to put things in your calendar to keep track of any important events. 
Yes, the cell phone is a great tool to use for any type of reminder or to look up in your work schedule to see what will be due soon. 
I definitely find myself turning to my cell phone to help me keep my schedule on check. I use the Notes function as well to make lists for errands, too.
I like that idea! It's important to keep track of bills, and having a dedicated notebook for that works really well. 
nickelback is very hit or miss
oh really? I didnt know that
huh i guess any change would stir up fans
yea they get a lot of hate
I love hunting . do  you ever hunt?
it is very tasty!
yeah where i live it is a way of life for some
yeah and that way you get pelts
Still we get meat and its fun
I like the Insane clown Posse.  Do you?
That is interesting!  Where did he grow up?
I have not heard of that.  What is Juggalo?
That is interesting. I have never heard of that term
That does make sense!  Do they actually wrestle?
Yes, i also like green, my living room is painted green :D, it connects people with nature, in a way
yes, its very beautiful, i have heard of it, and looked at the pictures, i would like to visit it someday
I didnt know that, i havent seen it in that movie, i need to watch it again
Nice, i know that he is an English songwriter, record producer and multi-instrumentalist, i dont know anything more about him, do you know something more about him?
oh wow! does that make her the queen of rock and roll?
amazing. she sounds like she was fun... Do you like elvis??
wouldn't go as far as too say fan. but i did like his music. We play quite a few of his songs in my band
i loved the nirvana unplugged show, that was excellent. You're right auto-tune really is a mockery of the art
My dream is to be a famous actress
What school do you suggest?
Do you know the name of a topmost drama school?
What type of drama is performed in the school?
Do you like Elvis Presley? I like the old movies he was in.
He was born in Tupel, Miss, where I am from, but he moved to Memphis, Tenn. when he was thirteen.
Extremely popular musician. He was born in 1935, so he would be 83 now if he was still alive
Some of his movie were about the military. He was  honorably discharged in 1960
 I love the Walking Dead.
It's one of the most popular shows in the Country.  It's based off of a comic book series.
It's on AMC.  They have 8 seasons so far.
The first couple seasons were the best.  
Some season premiers and endings had up to 20 million viewers.
They are wrapping up their 8th season now with no rumors of cancellation
i don't have a cardigan sweater or ever wore one
what makes a sweater a cardigan?
so it's a sweater with buttons then
where did the name "cardigan" come from, a person or a region of a country?
well, if he was the Earl of Sandwich we would call the sweaters sandwiches 
Neurosurgery is a fascinating field dealing with the brain.
Yes it is, and there are a dearth of new advancements seemingly every day.
Brain surgery seems so intense and takes a special kind of people to perform
That's so long! I could never bank on going to school for that long of a period!
I agree, I think that the medical field is a great field, though.
The most relaxing color to me is green, what about you?
I would think blue would be the most known color in the world, than green.
Yeah that is true but I was thinking of birds and ocean creatures if any of them can see color.
That is very interesting and so yes green would be the most prevalent color.
I wonder how many things would be a different color without chlorophyll?
I grew up listening to them. One of my all time favorites
What's the name of the album? I don't remember which one was the 6th one
Yes definitely! It was amazing. Bands don't make music like that anymore
I didn't know about all of the bands accomplishments. I just knew I liked the music and they were popular
Oh yeah? What's that like?
I bet that can be very stressful. Is it difficult to deal with people who are sick? I bet it takes an emotional toll.
What do you mean by protected title?
Is it like that in the United States? It sounds pretty important.
How much schooling did you need to become one?
Nickelback is a pretty okay band even though it is memed all the time.
Really? I thought they were American.
That's not even that long ago, damn!
They're not as bad as people say though.
Hi! I am an accountant! How about you?
Neat! I just got recently hired. I wonder how long accounting has been around before? Do you use a lot of math?
I'm guessing he was pretty innovative in his day! It is spread across the globe now! What an important communication tool.
That is a good way to look at it! Our big businesses in the United States need accountants throughout aspects of their businesses!
I like to listen to Elvis, the king of rock and roll.
I agree, what is your favorite Elvis song?
Elvis Presley
I'm a fan of Jailhouse Rock. Can you tell me more about Elvis?
That's a while ago! Where was he born?
Do you like any other songs by him?
Yes, I love to ski.  I'm not Olympic material though:)
I watched some of the games.  Really?  That long ago?  I had no idea.
No kidding!  Do you know where the first games were held in 1924?  
I will have to look that up one day.  I would love to see some pictures.
Green is also one of my favorite colors. I like blue also.
Yes and green can have many variations. Do you like all the variations of green?
Green is also a very calming color. 
Yes, emeralds are beautiful. What other minerals have a green color?
And emeralds are the birthstone for the month of May. Jade is another mineral that has a green color.
Kendrick Lamar is such a good rapper.
Yeah I've noticed that he is ridiculously popular at this point.
Oh really? When was he born then?
That isn't too long ago honestly.
My daughter loves those!  Do you also like the Fantastic Beasts?
Yes, my daughter really likes him as well.  I hear there is another movie coming out soon.
She cannot wait - in fact she's watching a Harry Potter movie right now.  I bet that author has made a lot of money
wow - that is a ton!!!  Did she also write the Fantastic Beasts screenplays?
That's good - she was able to keep her influence in the movies and make sure they were what she wanted i guess.
Not really, but I appreciate his effort and contributions to the music industry 
I bet you are right because from what I know, he was the best at that time
I think he still is from what I see 
It seem that Memphis Tennessee was a hot spot  for music at that time 
Amazing place to have a holiday, then it was, today it still is 
Yes, I have. A few times. Do you know when that phrase was coined?
Yes, very. Do you know who made that phrase?
Wow! I never knew that before. I have heard of people dying from a broken heart, but never knew it was for real. 
Yes. I have heard of older people who's spouses died and then they died a short time later. 
It's too bad people don't try to encourage relationships anymore. 
I love WElcome to the Jungel. How about you?
Sweet Child O mine is another good one.
That's crazy! What is Slash's favorite song?
Cool, I hear Axl used to throw lavish parties and have temper tantrums.
In Slash's autobiography he talked about what a spoiled brat Axl would be. He mostly stayed away.
That is a little scary. Do you take pleasure in hunting them down?
That is true. Is it true that humans are great hunters because of their stamina and intelligence?
I know that sometimes people poach animals illegally for their valuable resources. 
I would hate to see beautiful animals hunted to extinction. So, I agree.
I love bowling as well! I'm not that great at it, but it is always a good time for sure!
I don't care how many pins there are really, they are fun to knock down! Haha. I don't really like wearing the bowling shoes though.
I haven't been bowling in a while, but this conversation is making me want to go again. Maybe next weekend!
Aww! That's great. Maybe you should take him and go sometimes soon for old times sake!
I've never heard of a Goldendoodle!  Do they make good pets?
Awesome!  When did this cross breeding start?
They haven't been around all that long!  Are they easy to train?
I think I'll see if I can find a local breeder - I might just want to get one for myself!
Yeah, I would prefer a dog with a non shedding coat - I hate to vacuum all the time!
I love John Grisham movies and books,can you tell me more about him?
Wow! Really versatile and prolific I must say
What are his movie and book titles?
What happened to in the firm?
One thing I enjoy drinking once in a while is an Irish coffee. Have you ever had one?
Also, coffee! : ) 
I don't use whipped cream when I have it. I don't want the extra calories, and I just want to get down to business with the whiskey and coffee! Ha! 
Oh, that's interesting. It's a soothing thing to drink when you're really cold. I think some people use brown sugar in it. 
To me the main thing is that the coffee needs to be really hot. Sometimes I pour hot water in the mug first, to get the mug really hot. Bailey's Irish Cream is a pretty good variation instead of regular whiskey. 
Oh! I had no idea! That's kind of scary. What a HUGE corporation!
Yeah, anything you put online or on social media is essentially permanent. Even if you delete it after posting it, there is no telling if someone saved it without telling you!
really? I could see that! All of their friends are on Facebook, and have probably posted pictures or said things about them at sometime. I am sure facebook saves all of that information and compiles it for individuals.
I do! I actually just reactivated it. I had it deactivated for a few months. I spend too much time on there, so sometimes I need a break!
Did you know Facebook messenger still works even if you deactivate your Facebook account?
I've never heard of dylan's candy bar have you?
and what is it made of though?
oh okay I'm sorry!! I misread. How many cities is it in?
oh wow so they are all away from me  I live in Texas
I'm a fairly accomplished alpine skiier.
Yep. I started skiing when I was very young and I've skied every year since. 
Yeah I use particularly long skis by today's standards. I use poles as well.
Ever since the advent of parabolic skis, they have been getting progressively shorter. I'm still a bit old fashioned and prefer to use race skis that are quite a bit longer.
That sounds ridiculous. Either way, skiing is really a lot of fun. Nothing like finding some fresh powder.
Wow, how neat! I wonder what they used to count back then? Was it even money?
Huh, good to know. Do you know anything else about Tax Accounting?
Hmm, do you know anything about Accounting in foreign countries?
Huh, interesting. I bet America has some of the strictest accounting laws in the world. I never really thought about that
Really? I guess they've since diversified into Android since?
Pretty cool. I love all the nice photo filters they have. It adds a nice touch to photos. 
yeah? I've never used that feature. What's your favorite part about the app?
Yeah, that's really changed the way businesses operate online. Marketing has completely been reshaped by the internet.
I love Guns N' Roses!
Yeah I guess it'd be easier to type it that way. I wonder what their first song was?
I think I'll check it out! Was it received well?
Not surprised. GNR had crazy talent!
I am glad I dont have any medical bills, but I know someone who has thousands of dollars worth of them
But doesn't health insurance only cover so much, or is there insurance out there that covers it all
I see, I wonder how much debt most people are in due to medical bills
That would have been such a pain, I guess they mostly use computers now
I was very much interested in skiing
It is a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow
Asymmetrical skis were used at least in northern Finland and Sweden until the late 19th century
Early skiers used one long pole or spear
Skiing has  four races disciplines exist: slalom, giant slalom, super giant slalom, and downhill
yea sad what happened with him
yea really shook up the scene
yea i know, what band did he play for again? Nirvana?
oh really thats interesting
Oh i didnt know that
I actually used to cheerlead for a while in high school.  It is a lot harder than it looks
Yes, and a lot of people do not know how dangerous it can be.  Not just the normal wear and tear, but injuries can be pretty bad
One of the major reasons of injuries is from stunting, otherwise known as the pyramid
One of my favorite movies deals with competative cheerleading.  Have you ever seen Bring it On?
green is a cool color.
Yea mixing those two gives green so it makes sense
I really like the color green it was my fav
oh thats cool though i think you missed a dash
Thats cool, the RGB set up is so useful.
Elvis presley was ahead of his time and really brought in a new era of music
He was amazing, didnt he have the title the king of rock or something?
Such a shame for him to die so young, so many talented people get into drugs early on.
Im not surprised with a name like King.
Yea he seemed like such a cool and humble guy.
Do you know much about Genghis Khan? hes a really interesting figure.
Oh where did he orginate? Somewhere in china?
How long did his reign last? When did he die off?
So he was basially a raider and conqueror?
Dang thats quite the accomplishment, so much land he took over. 
I like bowling but I don't go bowling often. What about you?
I never heard of this term. What else do you know about bowling?
Oh that sounds pretty professional, I don't think I'd be that good at it.
I hope some time I'll get a hambone!
I just love the color green!
Oh? What's the visible spectrum? Is that the same thing as the color spectrum?
Ohhh I see! What other colors are on the visible spectrum?
Interesting...in school we learned "ROYGBIV" as the color spectrum. I\'m guessing it\'s the same on the visible spectrum!
I love them too, the movies are even more captivating
Why were you sad? I'm not sure I have read that one though, but I bet it should be alright
Oh tell me about Voldemort, did he achieve his goals eventually?
oh ok . Did he vanquish the Dark Lord". Nearly every witch or wizard dares not utter his unmentionable name
Sure. I will search for it. Thanks alot for sharing about harry potter
i went skiing once and fell so many times i think it was a new record
yes, The word \xe2\x80\x98Ski\xe2\x80\x99 is derived from the Norwegian word \xe2\x80\x98sk\xc3\xad\xc3\xb0\xe2\x80\x99 which means a split piece of wood.
i'm in the health field, but didn't know stretcher was a skii term. In the 16th century conflict between Denmark and Sweden, canvas was stretched between skis to help carry the wounded, hence the modern term \xe2\x80\x9cstretcher\xe2\x80\x9d.
yea it amazing to me people can do it for hours on end, Skiing for an hour can burn 350-400 calories!
if i grew up in Austria, Norway and Switzerland skiing would be a part of the culture, 25% of the population can ski.
I like football pretty well. My college team is The University of South Florida Bulls.
Yep. The so-called "War on I-4."
My brother went to UCF and I went to USF, so we sometimes go back and forth about that.
Yep. Perhaps 2 hours drive. On Interstate 4. Hence the war on I-4.
I think Elvis Presley was not as good as Buddy Holly
True, but that is really just because he was first
Yes, he listened to much "race music" (as it was known then) there.
Yes.     Sam Phillips is said to have discovered him.
That's an good choice of band! They are an absolute classic, and have so many hits. Did you know they are still together? That means they've been together for 33 years!
That's a tremendous amount! I'm more of a fan of AC/DC myself, although they have only sold 63 million as opposed to 100 million. I am more of a fan of their earlier stuff, where the main vocalist at the time was Bon Scott. It's very different from the rest of their stuff since then.
I had no idea his middle name was Joseph. He certainly took the pop industry by storm, Thriller is my favourite song of his. I find the music video so very unique and the style of the song is so unique in terms of its content compared to other pop songs at the time. 
Indeed! He has won more awards than any other musician ever. Moreover, he is the highest earning deceased artist of all time. I guess it's not surprising given by his popularity and consistent song quality
That's correct, a lot of people believe it was his doctor who is responsible for his death. Even to this day, high profile figures advocate this belief. I saw Public Enemy a year or two back and Chuck D spent a considerable amount of time vocally blaming the doctor for this death between performed songs
I once thought about becoming a neurosurgen, but you probably have to go to school for a long time.
Being a neurosurgeon also seems like a very stressful job that not everyone could do!
Oh wow! I can't imagine what people had to go through before brain surgery was invented! When was it invented, by the way?
Oh wow! I figured as much! That was the one major thing preventing me from going to school for it!
I sure hope we never have a shortage of brain surgeons! They do a very important job.
I am on instagram and love to see all the cool pics everyone posts
Instagram makes it easy to keep up with what family and friends are doing 
I also like to follow my favorite musicians on instagram and see all the cool concert photos from around the world
I was not aware Facebook now owns instagram
Yes hashtags are great and it makes it easier to find relevant info
I don't currently but I have been interested in partaking. Do you own any shares?
Do you find that you get a pretty good return?
Do you find it discouraging when the market drops or do you feel confident that you will be okay?
So would you recommend that people invest if they have a little bit of expendable income?
Oh wonderful! How would you suggest one get started?
Gridiron?  I never heard that before.  That is quite interesting.  When did football start?
Wow!  I didn't realize the game was that old!  When did the NFL start?
Yeah, I figured that.  It seems as though no other countries care about football.
Same here.  I am a big Saints fan!  
I haven't, what are they about? Are they good?
I think I've heard of that before, weren't they made into movies?
How many books are there in the series?
Oh wow, I didn't even know there were 73 languages to translate it into!
Do you like Harry Potter? I have to admit I have not read any books or seen any of the movies.
I vaguely know the characters and storylines, mostly from friends and family who are fans.
I live in Florida, not far away from the Wizarding World theme park, I want to go and drink butterbeer!
What else has J.K. Rowling done outside of the Harry Potter series?
I guess she doesn't want to go away from what made her rich! I wonder how much those movies and books have made.
I've had my heart broken a few times, how about you?
That's a rough day for it. I had my heart broken once by a girl because her sister was jealous of us. Her sister claimed that she and I had a thing and my giriflriend (at the time) believed the lie.
I don't know that song, who sings it?
I'm really not familiar with much Australian music living here in the US. Are you an Aussie?
I admire paramedics so much. They are vital to our medical care.
Yes, me too. I wanted to be a paramedic but felt I would struggle to maintain the level of calm they have to.
I feel that in many cases, they are the difference between life and death for many patients.
Oh that's interesting. Do you know much else about the history of paramedics?
I think it's important to hold a seperate license for it as it's a very specific branch of medicine that involves a higher degree of intuitive thinking.
I love it!  Do you?
Oh, yes, Rick! He does a great job portraying that role. How did you feel about how they handled Rick's son, Carl, on the last season?
Oh no, well, I don't want to ruin it for you then. But, it was a big shocker to fans, quite unexpected!
I know, I'm several hours from Atlanta, but I sure would have driven there if I thought I had a chance of sneaking a peek of the filming!
Well, I sure am jealous! Hopefully you were able to get their autographs? Norman Reedus actually did come through my small town on his motorcycle and several citizens got to meet him! I wasn't fortunate enough :(
I am aspiring to be an accountant. I want to know more about accounting 
I see. What course do i need to take to become an accountant? 
i see. do i need to get that in a university
ok. I will try that. Do you have any college in mind that you can advice me to apply for
yes I like gymnastics
Can you tell me more about it?
What other exercises is associated with gymnastics
Do they have for disabled people?
Wow that nice
I love my job as a paramedic.
Thank you. So many people tend to look down on me because I am not a doctor.
There isn't much place for advancement though.
That is very true.
I used to be really into bowling.
I was really bad at it and then I got lessons and got decent at it.
Oh yes I know, it is very dependent on throwing a ball down a lane.
Yup, though it can be hard at times haha.
It always makes such a satisfying sound when you get a strike.
I really enjoy bowling!  I am not good, but try!  Do you bowl?
12 strikes in a row seems impossible!  How do they curve the ball?
That's a funny term!  Who invented bowling?
That's hilarious!  What is five in a row?
Oh, nice. I have always wanted to go there! It has an amazing history, doesn't it?
Yes, it's a prominent place with a lot of really cool people in the United States who have Irish heritage as well. 
Wow, that's a lot more people than I thought were there. What are some of the largest cities in Ireland?
Oh yes, it is very green there, isn't it! Is Belfast a pretty big city?
Really? I had no idea. Thick woodlands in the middle of Belfast? Maybe like Central Park in New York?
I have heard about it. I bet it has delicious treats. Who started it?
That's interesting. I wonder what gave her the idea to start it?
Oh, I see. I guess she has plenty of cash to do whatever she wants.
I bet. I wish we had one close to where I live, I would like to go.
Yes it is!  She is an amazing author.  Did you read them all?
I like Ronald!  Which is yours?
Yea I agree that is awesome!  Ronald said \xe2\x80\x9cOf all the trees we could\xe2\x80\x99ve hit, we had to get one that hits back.\xe2\x80\x9d when they hit that tree. 
What was your favorite quote? Mine is "Don\'t let the Muggles get you down!" LOL
Hi, I enjoy playing casual games of football with my son. Do you like football, as well?
The Ravens... They represent my home town.
Oh I can imagine. It can get intense sometimes
I like playing basketball and baseball but not watching it. 
I have never personally known anyone in to rugby. It's not a sport that gets much attention either
I really do not like skiing but I wish I did.  Do you know anything about the sport?
Do you know when the activity was invented?
Wow that is far back.  Do the Americans do well in skiing?
Is there any famous skiier you can tell me about so I can learn more about him?
My roommate loves Genghis Khan
Yes! He admires his strength
When was he born?
wow, so no one knows where it is
what kind of hotdogs?
i meant more like beef or polish but that works! they are all good
yea and new york ones are the best
that is very true
wow thats interesting.  I was a cheerleader and enjoyed watching the games through that
awesome alot of people don't support us or think what we do isn't important so it's nice to hear that.  So tell me more what an offensive lineman does
So the offensive people have to be really fast.  They are the ones who make the touchdowns right?
Do you like the New England Patriots?  Is that a favorite team of yours?
Interesting I don't know alot about them except they are in the super bowl alot
I have heard of Kendrick Lamar, but I am not a big rap fan.  What are some of Kendrick Lamar's songs?
I don't think I've heard that.  Has he won any awards?
How many albums has he sold?
Wow it sounds like he is really popular.
What are some of his other hits?
really?  equal parts blue and yellow - is that what you mean?
oh yeah on the 'wheel' thing, right? I didn't know what caused green in nature - that's a cool fact!
was it because of money? (being green?)
yes - I know of St Patricks day and if you aren't wearing green you get pinched!
I've been thinking about trying out some archery.
What else may I need to know about it before trying it out?
Interesting. Do you know what kind of bows people use?
I don't think I wanna use it for either but I do wanna learn to use a bow on targets.
I have never read that. I do not read much anymore.
I have seen part of one of the movies.
I almost want to see it just so I can understand all the references. 
My son loves the series.
Wow,  that is impressive. How did it come out, did it help the patiennt?
It sounds like a debilitating disease, good to hear there is treatment 
Ok good info to know what else should I know about this scary disease?
Those symptoms are very serious and debilitating, how horrific!
I am an accountant. I like to work with numbers.
Yes, I like to balance ledgers and wear my green visor. I don't wear a pocket protector though.
Yeah well the visor is just a fashion statement for me now as flurescent light have made them obsolete.
Yes, there is a good chance he did as they were quite common back in the day. They were to prevent eye strain while using incandescent light bulbs.
I just painted my room! all green i love that color? how about you? green or no gree?
Thats a cool choice! i was in a psychology class and learn that green is a lively color, and it symbolizes renewal and growth. you know what blue symbolizes?
Somethin like that, t\xe2\x80\x99s the color of the calm sea and the clear sky... but i still preffer everything green! the Hulk, Green bay packers uniform, Nigeria home kit for the fifa world cup 2018
No im from Canada, but i love some green and gold! i hope they do great this season with a healthy aaron rodgers
I haven't listened to that many of his songs but I do like his dance moves. Personally I prefer Johnny Cash over Elvis.
Not at all, I can't do accents very well and my hips don't move like that.
That's amazing that he has such a following even so many years later. I guess I'll have to move to vegas if I want to try it out.
That's a good point, I'm sure every major cities has fans of the King.
Yeah, it's too bad that his rampant drug use led to his early death.
Oh gosh, me either! But I love watching gymnastics during the Olympics. Those athletes are incredible!
Really? The Greeks were flipping over bars 10 times rapidly for fun? I didn't know that!
That's really interesting! I can see how modern gymnastics evolved over time. 
The competition is one of the best parts of watching gymnastics. It's very exciting!
Winter is the best time of year. The cold crisp air. The blanket of snow on the farm land. Don't you agree? 
I'm from Colorado so I know about snow. My city gets an average to 10-12 feet a year. If you hate it why not move? 
Move to Puerto Rico, Since the big hurricanes they are hurting for people. 
Not in all parts. That's the best part. They will give you a Visa now. They need people who is willing to live in the country side. They will have electric and water back soon. Plus no winter. 
I'm sure and as crazy as it sounds you can make extra money teaching English as a Second Language. I've traveled all around the Caribbean doing that.  
I used to be a cheerleader in high school, it was really fun.
Oh no I wasn't, just at school, I quit before it got really serious. Cheerleading is also a sport of its own!
Shrek was a fun character, I'm not sure about his level of confidence but I liked this movie.
That's awesome, I've never seen this musical but I wish I had seen it. So Jeanine Tesori was a composer of a music in it?
I'm not quite sure, these roles seem to go together. I value many composers like Hans Zimmer for example.
Did you ever get into nickelback? I never minded them, but they seem very hated for some reason
Oh, I did not know they were around that long, or even from canada
That is a lot, but not as many as I expected, it is interesting because Thiller by Michael Jackson sold like 67 million if I recall correctly
That is a surprise, but looking back, they do have a ton of songs I know the words to, so I suppose that makes sense
That's cool when was the band formed?
Is Shaggy 2 same as the popular Jamaican musican shaggy?
Amazing, did any of their song get to the Billboard chart?
What is the name of their latest album, I want to check them out so that I can listen to their song
I love the color green. It is my favorite color!
It actually does. Vegetable of course, like broccoli and spinach.
I actually prefer is sauteed in butter and garlic - how about you?
Yes - I really try to incorporate lots of greens in my diet. Do you as well?
That's good. I always feel better when my diet is more plant based.
Genghis Khan was on of the greatest leaders of all time.
I actually know a lot about him. I have a masters in History. Did you know he was born in Del\xc3\xbc\xc3\xbcn Boldog in 1162
He would have never been able to take over the world. The celts in Scotland at the time would have smashed him. Interesting fact he had 13 kids. 
Which of his kids do you think could have took his spot and kept taking over the world going?
Ha! That's some optimism right there ;-) Favorite song?
Your dedication is admirable! And it's good to know the band has some defenders against what has become a cultural backlash against the band <ducks for cover>
MAN you see right through me. You are an inspiration, and should receive a special designation of Defender of the Order of Nickelback.
Rock on, awesome one.
Have you ever seen The Walking Dead?
I watch it every week, one of my favorite tv shows.
Rick Grimes is also my favorite character.
I have not. I usually watch them all at once when the season ends.
That's really interesting! What made you decide to learn Japanese?
Wow, that's inappropriate!
I'm sure it was. What would you say was the most interesting fact you learned?
You mean the royal family?
That sounds interesting and fun.  What do you blog about and how long have you been doing that for?
I didn't even know those existed!  I thought blogging was more of a solo effort.  Do you like to work with other authors?
It's awesome that people can get jobs now by writing blogs online.  This helps people do what they love while also spreading information.  Do you ever have any issues with trolls?
I wish those people would find something better to do with their time.  It can't be much fun being mean to people.  Do you usually address the person or just ignore them outright?
With all the issues in today's, it's no wonder that people attempt to spread dishonest information.  Crazy how quickly a false story can spread online.
That's putting it lightly, ah thankyaveramuch. I didn't actually know he was an actor though. What was he in?
Kinda not surprising. Justin Timberlake is kind of the same way: acting career on top of a pretty successful music career. Where was Elvis from?
Ahh, bringing the south with him up to one of the only places NOT in the south that is still kinda southern, lol. Explains why he was so popular!
Baby you can call is rockabilly all you want but what I know is that he rocked his sweet, sweet self right into my heart and I call that seduction.
Just not the same as a genre of music after he was done with it, was it?
My favorite color is green! Do you like the color?
Right! And Green is an important component of the RGB color model.
Awesome! Green is everywhere! Was it in cave paintings, I wonder?
Right! I think of green to be associated with items of value like money.
I use instagram a lot. I think it's a good way to see what friends are up to.
Yes it is. Do you know when it was created?
What company bought it? I know they sold but I don't know who bought it and for how much.
Is that why Facebook and Instagram stole snapchat\'s "Story" feature?
Ah, that was very smart on Snapchats end. I'm sure they make a lot of money off that.
thanks lets talk
when was the principle of game design invented?
ok nice, what are the major tools used  in the process?
Nice, which country championed the development of the process to it's current state ?
lets take for example video games
I used to love watching cheerleading back in college.
I agree, have you ever been a cheerleader?
I see, I mostly enjoy the chanting of slogans. What else do you know about cheerleading?
So, when did cheerleading originate? 
I see, I had no idea But atleast thats a good outcome of a rebellion if there is such a thing!
What are some of John Grisham's movies?
Do you read any of his books?
Wow, that's a lot of languages to translate a book in. I believe his books are suspenseful and involve law related stories since his background is a lawyer.
If you have a strong background in something, I think its great to write books to educate or entertain the population. I have always wanted to write books and have even started writing a couple.
Absolutely and in today's world it is so much easier to get your material published online through places like Amazon. Lots of customers to reach quickly if you can find the right channels and market properly.
I like reading. Harry Potter is one of my favorites
Me, as well! It's such a long, intricate story. I'm blown away by her accomplishment. 
That's astounding! 
I read it when I was young, and again as an adult. I enjoyed it both times!
I think it's the most re-readable series I've ever read
I love dogs but I am not good at training them. 
I see. So there are many different methods. Can you tell me more about dog training?
Ive heard of a few of those. I guess it depends on the dogs temperament. I have never heard of the Koehler method though.
I wish my dog were that obedient. I should really work on that.
I love cycling ,especially as a race!
What other type of bike so you use?
That's nice! Hope you enjoy them too?
Is it such a fun?
I have been bowling, but I am terrible at it, like gutterballs half the time terrible
I have had a few but far too many to make it enjoyable haha
I think my high is 105 so you can tell I am not too  great
I have never heard of that, I have only seen traditional bowling, that is cool though!
no i haven't what is it made of
i meant it is chocolate or fruity candy
ohh okay. i was confused by the words "candy bar" at the end. haha. where is it located ?
well thats pretty cool maybe they will make one where i live.
thats great. do they have any sales normally? because i know alot of candy shops can be expensive 
What type of food is that ?
Where does it originate from?
So does its originally from Frankfurt in Germany?
ok! So is it your favorite cuisine?
Well, can it be eaten alone or its usually mixed with other stuff?
Wow, we call that colour combination
Yeah, exactly. The grass is green, it also signifies cleanliness
Wow, I never knew about that, which other one please
So Jade is a mineral? Interesting. What other mineral has green colour?
OK, good to know. Green is my favourite colour
I really love watching the Discovery channel
Me too! I learned so much about the world through watching that channel.
I know! I think it really beneficial because it provides kids with educational tools outside of schools, to further their education, and make them knowledgeable in many different fields. 
I have always thought working for some of those shows would be extremely cool and a great way to travel.
I am not really a tech person, I'm more of a psychology and sociology person, so I'd look to probably start a show where we trace the effects of religion of society. 
I want to teach my family about investing by buying them a few shares of stock, but I really don't know much about it.
Oh, so I could tell my kids they own part of a company.  That's cool.  Maybe I should get them a share in a company they know then, like Apple or XBox or Snapchat?
So if it's through crowdfunding, can I just get them 1 or 2 shares, or do I have to get a lot/
How do I buy stock?  Do I call the stock market exchange?
Great!  I think tomorrow I am going to get started.  You have helped me to learn just enough to feel more confident.
So do I.  What is your favorite team?
Do you think their quarterback Eli Manning will make it to the Hall of Fame?
When was rugby invented?
Wow did not know American football started in 1869.  When did they start forming professional teams?
Interesting, good to know
My brother must be a big fan. He has a Fender Jag Stang guitar. Apparently Cobain helped design it.
That's interesting. It seems to be more like a blues guitar than a rock guitar. Does that make sense?
Do you play the guitar?
I was taught to play acousting in music class as a youth, but I"ve long since forgotten.
I used to play the trumpet as well. I remember being pretty good, but I don't remember how to play at all anymore.
That is a lot of different fields.  Did you have to go to school for a long time to learn all of that stuff?
You sound like you have a lot of experience.  What is your favorite aspect of accounting?
You have abilities to forecast into the future and see what the company needs.  That is a strong asset.  I'm impressed - what is the best advice you could give to someone looking to do the same thing?
Does it bother you as a manager knowing that you are tied down to a set of principles laid out by a book from someone before you that isn't from the same time period?  I can imagine it would be helpful to learn new things from past employees but that seems a bit much.
I have never been to Ireland before.
Is Ireland part of the UK?
I see. That is interesting. When was Ireland founded?
I had no idea. Do you know the population?
The Insane Clown Posse is so insane. Who are these guys?
Haha. I came across the Insane Clown Posse on the internet and they are so fascinatingly weird. What else do you know about them?
Wow Insane Clown Posse has been around for that long? It is hard to stay that relevant in music these days.
Yea I would think so. Well good for them.....I guess. Insane Clown Posse seem to be really out there.
That's really interesting. I love to watch football. I am a huge Oklahoma State fan, but like to watch about any game there is on including pro ball.
I didn't know that. I have always wondered where and how the game got started. It can be a dangerous game though.
Do you ever watch any professional football? My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys, but I have recently become a Steelers fan after OSU last quarterback was drafted by them. 
Emmitt Smith is a legend! I'm not surprised it is called that. It is a get down and dirty sport for sure.
I used to like American Football a lot
I think I just liked it because my uncle did, we were 4 yrs apart and like brother and sister, we watched together
I just remember the great teams of the early 80's the Cowboys, Steelers, but loved the Vikings, even though they were not very popular
It was in the late 70's early 80's pretty sure I just liked them because of their purple uniforms, thats a girl for you 
Do you know how to speak in Japanese? I always have found it interesting but have never taken any formal schooling or lessons
Oh okay I see. So its much less complicated then learning English or Spanish? I took 3 years of Spanish and can only say as many phrases as I can count with my two hands. Its challenging to learn a new languege
Oh okay, doesnt the language look like pictures on paper rather then letters like English?
Interesting. How common is the language in the US? Or is it one of the top ten spoken languages in the world?
I have recently starting going to the gym to build some muscle mass. I have bought bodybuilding supplements such as protein powder
Exactly. I have also added much meat eating as part of my special diet. They are rich in protein. Especially, red meat
Do you know any other food products that are rich in protein?
My instructor recommended getting pure protein powders such as Whey. Do you think it is worth it to spend $50 on it
I love cardigans and all types of sweaters. But right now it's summer and I can't layer that much.
One of my favorite cardigans I got from American Eagle. I like cotton because wool is itchy to me.
Oh like a jumper? I like those too, they're very comfy and nice to wear to exercise.
Wow, I didn't know that. How interesting. I wonder what other types of clothing are named after people.
Oh world war 1? They had a lot less technology back then. A cellular phone is a recent invention.
I'm thinking of getting a Goldendoodle - have you heard of them?
Interesting!  How did the name Goldendoodle come to be?
That makes sense!  Why would someone want to do that?
That was a good idea!  I really don't want dog hair all over the place, so if it doesn't shed, that's great!
I did not have a clue what his middle name was. I wonder who he is.
Oh I see, I think I have heard of him. What are his famous songs or albums?
I am a big fan of Nirvana so I am surprised I had not heard of him!
Yup not kidding. I am a big fan of Nirvana and thought Bob Dylan was their band member. 
That is sad to hear. I know many artists who suffer from depression in their later life. 
Yes I know  but I will like to know more about it
How can hunters be identified 
I will like to know  some animals one can hunt and the areas they can be found
Interesting is it possible for me to hunt and how
OK can I know more about fishing 
Yes I agree and it is so fun to watch.
And the incredible strength makes me jealous! I bet that is a lot of work.
The only bad thing is that they get a lot of injuries.
Yes I agree.
im sorry to hear that , i have no pets
i did not know that either tell me more
survival ? i would think a broken heart would cause people to lose to will to live on
ive been super sad recently , and it has done the opposite to me i no longer socialize and i just stay at home all day
I've always been interested in the Harry Potter books and movies.
What else can you tell me about them?
I feel like most people at least know who Harry Potter is at this point.
That sounds like quite the interesting place to go to school!
I might have to read these books. They sound like something I'd be interested in.
i love the color green but i dont know a lot about it, what about you?
interesting i dint think it had anything to do with blue, i love the color green because it reminds me of nature
i did not know that , do you know what makes the grass green?
that is really interesting you really know a lot about the color green, is it your favorite color?
yeah i remember watching som cameleons when they turn green on top of trees, it is really amazing
Oh, I have heard of this show but I've never watched it personally. What is it about?
That sounds scary! Are there any well known actors in the show?
Do you know if the show or its actors have received any awards or accolades?
It sounds like an interesting and popular show, I hope I get to watch it some time.
2, 4 , 6, 8 who do you appreciate??
Sure thing! Have you ever owned any pom poms?
Cheerleading used to be men only, until the 1920s
It is, but before the 1950s there were no professional cheerleading teams
My favorite thing about games is that they come in infinite designs. What kind of games do you like?
Strategy games are the best! I prefer video games as a platform over board games, mainly because it takes up less space. How do you feel about video games?
I like GTA too. I remember playing the first one back on the Playstation 1.
I agree. I wonder what the future holds for video games.
I also enjoy bowling, do you usually get a lot of strikes?
Cool, yeah I've always enjoyed watching the pros on TV always get the strikes. 
I didn't even know that was possible, I've definitely never done that myself. Sometimes I'll get one strike though.
Wow, and then eventually you go to the 300. Which is all strikes, right?
I would be happy if I get two strikes in one game, honestly. 12 is crazy, I wonder how many people have done that. 
Hi. Omg, i REALLY love Guns N' Roses! Best band ever. 
I've been their fan for ages. Shadow of your love is my favorite song. What is your favorite song?
That's a very good album! I can't believe it came out in 1987!
I totally forgot about that song! Didn't listen to it for a while! 
Really? That's insane! I didn't know that
Have you ever heard of the group Guns N' Roses?
me too!  Do you remember when they came on the scene?  Like late 80's?
probably so, I wonder what ever happend to Axel Rose and Slash?
oh wow!  That is super cool!  I never saw them in concert, I bet it was good.
Yes he was the king of Rock and Roll was he not? Can you tell me some more about him?
I think I've heard of Tupelo before, didn't they build some kind of museum there or something to honor Elvis?
He was certainly was, he was quite influential. Do you have a favorite song of his?
Wow that's quite a lot. When they do say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, so I guess they all really like Elvis' sound.
Oh really? Unfortunately, I've never used Instagram.
Sounds like a lot of fun! Is it easy to use the application or website?
Wow, now that's what I'd be interested in using it for, I love my music!
Oh my God, now you're talking about the music that I grew-up listening to!
Talk about a walk down "memory lane!"
Do you like guns n roses? I was not around at that time, but i have heard the classics
That makes sense, it was a bit before my time, how albums have the sold in total?
Oh wow, that is a lot of albums, if you have sold more in total than Thriller, you made it big time
Wow, now that is impressive, what albums were those?
Ah, so it is a very long album split up? looks like it was a great financial move!
Oh I'm so sorry to hear that.. how old was he/she?
Well everybody knows that Dogs are a mans best friend.. One of the most loyal bonds that can be made, second only to a mothers love.
Yes loyalty is the best human characteristic in my opinion. But it's not easy to find somebody as loyal as a dog. Have you thought about getting another dog?
Yes - there's studies that show that dogs now when their owner is sad, that's why you'll often see them comforting their companion :)
hello my favorite color is green what is yours
it is also a sign of life like gress or leaves
true but having chlorophyll means those things are alive once it goes they wither and die
green is a great color for them because most of them are only awake when there a green leaves to hid in
Oh that is interesting. I don't know much about athletes in Greece. How did that get started?
How far back does that go? When did athletics come about?
What kind of supplements did they use? I don't know much about that from long ago, guess history books never focused on it.
Is that exactly what it means? that is interesting, shows how far we have come this day in age
I am a professional bowler, I love the sport.
In bowling a perfect score is 300, and it's almost impossible to do.
Only a couple of times.  What's even hard is making a 7-10 split.
You usually need some help from the surrounding structure to bounce the pin off of.
My favorite color is blue
No I haven't. Can you tell me more?
Interesting! What is the significance of other colors, such as blue or green?
I see. It sounds like it can be quite complex!
Long distance relationships are okay long is you got God and Love on your side.
Sounds like a plan I was once in the same position and things worked out great.
I used my cell phone, but Skype is better.
I agree when I was with my girl they didn't have that app yet.
Did the death of Kurt Cobain have an impact on your life?
Yes, he was!  His music was wonderful and his loss was one of many musician tragedies.
Oh I didn't know that!  His struggle with his heroin addiction was sad to watch. Do you like any of his music?
That's right!  Kurt Cobain later had a daughter who is now an American visual artist.  Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, she is!  Talented genetics.  Kurt Cobain was also inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2014, 20 years after his death!
My favorite color is green. What's yours?
Do you know of any other flowers named after colors?
Who came up with the name?
Interesting. Are there any other shades of green related to other colors?
What colors can you get when you mix green and blue?
I really like Kurt's Cobain's music, it's too bad he passed away. Did you like his music?
That is awesome. I really loved the song Smells Like Teen Spirit. It's too bad he took his own life.
Yes it was definitely a sad day for many. What kind of music do you listen to now?
Ah I really like them too. They are a classic.
I really like the band Dream Theater now.
Do you like to go skiing? Ive never really been into it. I live in fl so that doesnt help much, but ive tried it a couple times up north
i can barely do two! how do they keep there balance with only on epole?
wow! skiing has been around that long? I guess they needed to find something to do back then, huh?
yes, it would be faster then walking and horses
OHH YEAH
ITS TOO BAD 
REALLY
THANKS A LOT DUDE
YEAH FINE TAKE IT EASY DUDE
Are you a fan of Elvis Presley?
I really don't I mean some of his stuff was okay but I guess I'm not the most familiar with his entire catalog.
"Was" being the operative word. Elvis was definitely influential but his influence is probably pretty well gone by now. He started in Gospel right? 
Well he was pretty old, so he had a pretty big head start.
I took an accounting course at school. I didn't think I'd be any good at it, but I came in second in my class!
It is quite interesting. My sister-in-law is an accountant. She works for a big company.
I found it interesting to learn to work my way around a balance sheet. It's like learning a new language!
Auditing! Another friend of mine is an auditor in Europe. She loves striking fear in the hearts of others, lol.
I know what you mean, but so many businesses are trying to avoid paying taxes. Sometimes they go overboard, if you know what I mean!
I love bowling, I actually used to be really into it. I bought my own ball and shoes!
Yeah the good shoes really help you slide on the lane, since that is a big part of throwing the ball well.
They basically allow you to slide along the lane with your foot so that you can give the ball more spin.
30? I think you meant 300 haha.
Instagram is a great way to share picture with my family and friends. Do you use it?
Ya. That is why you get messages in FB about Instagram. I heard the younger people like Instagram better than FB. 
Neat. I am not too old either. I jus never used Instagram that much. I have an account. 
Yes. I just figure it is boring being me, I bet it is even more boring reading about me. 
do you like to go hunting
i dont like too my son does 
but i dont eat it what he kills
no he gives it to his dad
Oh wow, the military is so complicated
A star system, what does that consist of
I see, do the higher ranking/stars they have mean more power or control
I always thought lieutenants were higher up ha, that is confusing, I am glad I never was part of the military I am not sure I could handle it
most of the planet, sorry haha
Interesting, how old isit vs soccer aka futbol
how do you score
but where is the foot coming into play with ball
I like green too! I like that there are so many shades! I like an emerald green, what's your favorite?
That's so interesting! What else can you tell me about green?
I never knew that! Green is such an interesting color! Do you know where it falls on the spectrum of visible light?
Like an emerald! That's my favorite! 
All my friends loved Nickleback when I was in school as well. They seem to be mocked a lot these days. It doesn't seem very deserved.
Is Chad the guy with the matted long blond hair? He certainly seems to be the face of the band.
Blimey. That's impressive. You mentioned two people named 'Kroeger' - are they brothers?
Seems like that was a smart-choice. Are they still going, or happily retired, living off royalties?
My friends really like to bowl, but I've never joined them because I don't know how to play. Do you like to bowl?
What is the object of the game? 
I guess whoever knocks down the most pins wins? I've heard them talking about spares and strikes. What are they?
Wow, that would be tough! How long has bowling been around? 
I am a Nurse and I love investing
I am  in the ER..Labor and Delivery was my first department
Where I am there is right now and dont know why either.
I think everyone should get free healthcare
Yes they sure do
What do you think about the band nickelback?
oh so you are not a fan? I think the music is ok.  I only mentioned them because they have sentimental value to me as I met my wife at their concert.  I was given free tickets in work and decided to go and accidently met the woman I later fell in love with.
Im sure it is.  You say your not a fan but is there any songs you like of theirs? Even rockstar?
Well there must be some reason
Yes he seems to be a popular guy
Thats cool. Do you ski for recreation or are you a competitive skier? 
What does cross country skiing involve? How does it work?
That sounds like a good work out. Do you know where skiing originated?
Thats a long time. Do you know which culture it originated from?
Oh, tough question. I think today my favorite has got to be purple.
Oh really? Can you tell me more about that? 
I have heard about that actually. Like how having the color red in the kitchen makes people eat more!
Does it really differ between genders? Or is that a result of us as a society assigning gender colors like pink and blue?
Right, so maybe the results are skewed!
Did you ever get into harry potter? I did not but I was told I look like harry potter very often!
That is good, my girlfriend is obsessed with them, she even likes the new Fantastic Beasts movies
I liked it because of all the different animals, I am in love with animals, and the ones they made were so unique!
I know everyone was young when everyone was into it, it was huge when I was young, like all the rage
Do you like football? Or rather , Are you ready for some football?
The word refers to the action of a foot kicking a ball. but can also refer to a variety of different games.
Yeah, there's a lot of different codes in football.
Not really. What games are coming up.
I hope you get to go. Those are a lot of fun.
He was a really interesting guy, very violent though haha.
He swept through the place though and annihilated everyone, he was quite impressive with his scale and speed
Yea but he didnt kill everyone and created an empire off it.
Yea he was actually a very crafty person and not just some barbarian.
Wow that was quite a long time ago.
I love candy, what's a good brand?
Oh are they? What kind of candy is it?
Oh I see, what kind of candy do they offer?
I see, do they have nougat? I love nougat!
I never was a fan, but I recall his death as well.
For the life of me I can't think of any song titles, but I know I have heard some.
Oh, yeah.  You are right.  I have heard that one.  Even though I wasn't a fan, I admit Cobain was talented.
I'm trying to remember.... didn't Cobain jump or fall off a balcony?
that is kinda cool
do you know if it has changed over the years
so they are kinda like mobile doctors?
huh i guess that makes since
My favorite artist is Guns N' Roses.
Yes, the best rock band ever.
Guns N' Roses
I have no idea, before I was born.
I love Welcome to the Jungle.
No I have not, what is it?
did you hear his songs regularly
which is your favorite song sung by him?
did his songs are available in play store?
oh thank you for your information
when did he first released his first album.?
Hey there do you like numbers and math?
But you are a wizard!  You can magic anything!
That's adorable!  I would number crunch everything because it makes my brain happy.
That would be entertaining.  I think I would enjoy that too.
Hello! Do you like nickelback by any chance?
What kind of music do you like?
What is your favorite metal band?
Black sabbath is definitely a classic! Do you like Queen?
Same! What is your favorite song by them?
Wow. that's pretty interesting. My family is from Ireland, but I don't know much about it. Can you tell me more?
Do you know why there are conflicts/
Really? Is it true they grow a lot of potatoes there?
Wow. Interesting. What else can you tell me about Ireland?
Interesting. What types of animals?
I love to hunt especially deer for venison do you hunt?
Yes I live in a rural area and we hunt for meat to eat, not for sport
Yes well in my area we do have to hunt to remove predators for the safety of livestock as well
Yes poachers are just terrible people in my opinion
Agreed and for legal hunters there are rules, regulations and limits in place 
Elvis Presley's iconic dance moves made his image.
Do you know if his hair was a natural jet black?
Yes he did! His natural hair color was brown.
His favorite sandwich was the Fool's Gold Loaf, and it consisted of peanut butter, a pound of bacon, and grape jelly.
Yes I have, it's awful! That isn't surprising, it is so ingrained in people that it isn't even cultural.
That's really interesting! What else do you know about this phenomena? 
That makes a lot of sense, really shows how complex the interactions are between different systems of our body!
Damn, you really know a lot about this! Perks of being a psych major I guess!
Football is my favorite sport! I played it in college and it was so much fun.
Yes, American football. I just watch it on tv nowadays though.
I still watch some college football. I try and head to the games when I can, though weekends are pretty busy in the fall.
No I haven't watched that. how was it?
That sort of breaks my heart. I used to do it a lot as a child with my father, but now I am a vegetarian and can't imagine doing such a horrendous act.
I am in full support if it is done for food, and to use every part of the animal, but not for recreation
That's true. As a vegetarian, that's a tough fact for me to face, but we do need some sort of management of overpopulated animals.
I eventually want to go full vegan, because the dairy industry is horrible too.
Yes. Fresh fruits and veggies are actually a lot cheaper than meat and animal products.
What is the job of an accountant?
Are there any institution you know that I can enrol?
What are the various forms of accounting?
Do we have any other types?
Do you know any accounting software?
It's a pretty fun sport to watch, also I have never heard it be called that!
I figured that rugby must be associated with football in some way, since they seem so similar.
That's so long ago, I never considered that it has been around for so long!
Interesting, how big was that march then?
Really? I\'m sorry to hear that. I saw this movie called "Frozen", in which skiers were trapped on the lift over the holiday weekend. 
I don't, I never have and don't have the desire to.
That's a long time. I can just imagine myself sweating from the bulky ski gear. 
Norway huh? I wonder what the literal meaning is in Norwegian?
Wow! I've never met a surgeon before. I heard that you guys have to work very long hours. Is that true?
I find it so amazing that we can do this now with our technology. How long have people been operating on brains. It seems like something very new to me.
Hm.. 8 years. That must have been challenging. Is there anything else interesting about neurosurgery that you can share. I find it very interesting. 
Wow, I don't think I would be that patient to start my career. 
My mom says we have Irish in our blood but I don't have any family there. What part of Ireland are your relatives in?
I have never heard of the great potato famine, what is that?
What is potato blight? I've never heard of that as well.
What caused the potato blight?
What happens would happen if I ate one?
Green is a really pretty color. I like to wear a lot of green.
That makes sense, when I think of green I think of nature.
Wow, I didn't know that! So what else can you tell me about the color green?
I see! Is that why leprechauns are always depicted wearing green as well?
You know how to make coffee better? make it irish.
I have, I thought I came up with it, turns out; I just have a drinking problem. 
Did the irish really come up with Irish Coffee?
really? That sounds good. What are some variations of Irish Coffee.
Not whipped cream? is that even a thing?
I love american football, it is so great!
Yeah I mean it should just be called football though, its funny the rest of the world call football soccer
Yeah but in america we do what we want, its like living in Ancient Rome. We get to call our American sports what we want and every one has to accept it.
It really is a great sport, I wonder why they keep trying to make football less violent 
I love to go bowling with my family, but I'm a horrible bowler.  Do you like it?
I know!  I love it when I just knock one down - LOL!!  My kids want to WIN, I just like playing.
I wouldn't have thought of it as a throwing sport, but I guess that does make sense.  Is bowling an Olympic sport?
NO, I've never even heard of that!  Can you tell me more about pin bowling?
Interesting!  I wonder where you'd go to play that?
I really like to hang out on Instagram at night when I come home after work
Yes! I'm really surprised when I look at the clock and realize that I have been checking things out for 2 hours.
I've wondered if filters are hard to use. I'd like to start adding my own photos to Instagram, but haven't used filters yet
Oh, that is good to hear. I think I will try it! And I also like to check out other social media sites, so I didn't know you can cross-post. 
I think it's time that I make a debut on Instagram! I can post some of my things from Facebook to my account over there.
I like green colour
Interesting do you have any dress of the colour
OK tell me more about the lrish
Where is United Kingdom located
Wow it must be a big city
I love bowling, In fact I do it every week, How about you? 
Thats not so bad, What kind of bowling ball do you use, any suggestions? 
I usually use a lighter ball but I hear using a heavier one has a higher accuracy. Is that true? 
Ah yes thats what I thought. Do you know how a person can go pro? is it difficult, I am assuming you need to hold a very high score to be eligible. 
Ah yes, thanks for the info, I guess I'll try and practice to get better and increase my accuracy. 
Really? I had no idea, I figured it was a recent sport. Do you ever go skiing yourself?
Oh ok, I haven't either, I'm kind of scared of heights. Do you play any sports?
Oh that's cool, I'm not really much of a runner myself. Do you find that it keeps you in shape and helps your cardio?
Yeah I think it requires more mental toughness than I'm willing to give to be honest. I prefer swimming for my cardio as it's less stressful on the joints I find.
I've been working out but I haven't used many supplements before.
Meat and wine as supplements? Sign me up.
Hmm that's really interesting. So far I've just used whey protein powder.
Hmm  really? I'll have to find a reputable brand then.
I've thought about that but I love carbs haha.
Green is a beautiful color often seen in nature. Do you like the color green?
I never heard that before. Why was green associated with the banker class?
That's very cool! What else can you share with me about the color green?
I always wear my green on St. Patrick's Day! lol
Wow! You truly have the luck of the Irish! lol That's very cool!
Online shopping is the better experience to choose the the product on our desire.
what did you often purchase?
yes, it includes lot of choices
Such website, improved a lot for customer convenience.
But, some of them misuse those customer trust by sending worthless products.
mine too
yes of course emeralds are really pretty.
really, meaning  the way they feel or look?
oh yeah that is true.  so meaning they break easy?
awesome thank you for info. it has chromium
yes I love a lot of chickens and eggs
yes I am an Agricultural Business student, I dont know how to start it up in United state
Alright thanks for the information, I guess I need a lot of capital also, if I want to make money out of it.
yes I can be part of it, why did you know so much about it?
that seems logical 
That is a long time ago!
That is really interesting what else do you know about it
Do they deal with aduiting'?
How many people do yu employ?
Skiing is one of my favorite pasttimes. I wish I could do it more.
I wonder what they used for skiis back then.
Now that is pretty cool. So they named it after the piece of wood they originally used.
Oh ok, so it was created out of necessity.
How long has skiing been around?
Hey! Do you like hot dogs? I feel like they're an American classic.
Classic combo. I like mine with relish. Ever had one in New York? They sell them at nearly every street corner.
Wow! That sounds amazing. I'll have to try one sometime. I went to New Zealand a few years ago and instead of buns, they just use white bread for theirs.
Have you heard of the new Texas Rangers\' "pickle dog?"
It's a hot dog in a pickle and then fried like a corn dog. It's a bit excessive if you ask me, but it's gone viral.
Hey! How familiar are you with Kurt Cobain?
I've heard a few of his songs but not a huge know it all about anything of his
I do not. I think I've maybe heard one song by them
My husband listens to it more than I do so I just hear it by association usually
I like the color green as it is so present in nature. What is your favorite color?
I always find this interesting. What else can you tell me about the color green?
Photosynthesis is an interesting process. Can you tell me more about it?
Do you know any other interesting facts about the color green?
I love emeralds! They are so beautiful!
Hi, My favorite artist is Guns N' Roses, do you have any thoughts on their music?
Nice! I see you would categorize them as a hard rock band, are there any other genres that you think they can fit in?
Cool, I like your decisiveness. Can you think of any other band with 5 original members?
Great example and international, are there any bands that you feel we're more successful that started in the 80's ?
Hey have you ever been to Ireland? My friend just got back funny enough.
Really? Is the UK and Scotland the other two?
I want to visit there sometime. What do you know about Great Britain?
Really? That's a lot of people. Although where I live in the US there are a lot. What else do you know?
I love auto racing, do you like it?
What is the best kind of race car?
Cool, who is the best formula 1 driver?
What is the formula 1 championship called?
Awesome, where is that held?
Yes! It is risky. What stocks are you thinking of investing it
Neat! I have always heard good things about Apple and Tesla. Amazon would have been great to get into 10 years ago!
Wow! Companies like Samsung and Nintendo probably were a good influence on Japan. I'm just glad we are past the 2008 crash.
Oh gotcha! haha I knew that company was in that part of the world. Yes! Some people probably made serious money buying stocks at their low prices.
Yes that is important! Also I think that diversifying your portfolio is vital. Don't put your eggs all in one basket!
I'm dying to learn how to bowl! All of my friends love it and I'm feeling left out!
The target being pins I guess! That's the extent of my knowledge! Do I have to knock them all down on my first try?
Oh good! I'll definitely need two chances!! How long has bowling been around?
Oh my!! I had no idea bowling has been around that long! 300 seems like an impossible score, but I'll do my best!
That sounds pretty tough! Do I need special shoes to go bowling?
I am a huge fan of the Walking Dead TV series. Do you follow it? 
I agree! Do you think the show has diminished over time though? Not as great as the original series.
Yeah. Everyone was honestly into it during that time. It's nowhere near as prevalent nowadays sadly. Have you ever tried playing the Walking Dead games?
Yes! That is correct. They are excellent, although much like the real show dropped off in quality over time. Very emotional and worth trying them. They are cheap.
Yes I remember them. Do you know their band line up?
Sounds very familiar. And whats their most popular song?
Its a bit of a classic isnt it! What kind of music do they make?
I see just my type! Do you listen to Linkin Park?
Out of all of the colors of the rainbow I think Green is my favorite
do you know if it is considered a warm color?
Oh really? As in sound?
Ah I have never heard that about colors. What else can you tell me about green?
Harry Potter is one of the enduring books that has ever been written in the modern history. Words can describe how fascinated I am by this novel
J.K. was truly imaginative and full of dream-like creativity in developing the characters. I just adore the story-telling of this book
My favorite among the series was the deathly hallows part 2 where Professor Snape is revealed as a caring person for all these times
Snape became my favorite after watching the last movie. But till that time, professor Dumbledore was the one I admired as the most wisest one
It should not be a surprise for you. Given the greatness and epicness of the novel, it is quite understandable
What is green commonly associated with?
Why are plants green?
How was green used in ancient times?
What is the Green party i've heard of it, but I don't know what it is, or what they do?
Do they call themselves the green party because they believe in environmentalism, or what?
What are the other colors on the visible spectrum?
What else can you tell me about the color green?
I always wear green on St. Patrick's Day. Why is the color green popular in Irish culture?
Do you know why green is so important to the Irish?
It's definitely a major part of the Irish for sure! lol Maybe it's the lucky clover!
Oh? How was Luca Pacioli instrumental in the establishment of accountancy?
What is it about being an accountant that you enjoy?
I took several accounting courses in college and I must confess to feeling quite lost! lol
I was a business major so my courses were basic accounting courses required for the core requirements. I am actually great at math but account left me with a blank stare! lol
Here in the U.S., it is *super* competitive! Have you ever seen one of the competitions? It's truly athletic!
True -- and it's not just limited to football games anymore. There are dedicated competitions for cheerleading and cheerleaders -- and they are *serious*!
There\'s definitely a difference between collegiate cheerleaders (more athletic) and pro football (more dance and for "show"!) Are you a football fan?
Ha! I didn't realize that, but I'm not surprised!
It's the best color, green is the most pleasing color to the human eye, especially dark greens
Have you ever seen Kadzu before? it's an invasive weed that grows up on trees and devours them with vibrant green breauty
Yeah its so weird that something so damaging could be so beautiful. Sage green is by far my favorite color
hahaha don't I know it, here in florida it's everywhere
I like to go to the local bowling alley with the family on weekends.
No never.  Well not in real life anways.  Have you?
If I get a strike I chalk it up to luck.  Mostly I just do it for fun and it give me a reason to qoute The Big Lebowski..
That seems like a fun idea.  Though I guess getting a strike wouldn't be as rewarding then.
Hey. My heart hurts from a broken relationship...
What have you found to be comforting?
That's a good idea. I will have to try that.
Broken heart
I certainly can attest to that. I have found myself more anxious and stressed in these past couple of months. Sometimes its unbearable.
One thing I know for sure is that it will get better over time...
Green is my favorite color! Do you also like green?
Oh! I remember mixing blue and yellow paint to make green when I was little! There are so many different shades of green. What's your favorite? 
Me too but my favorite is emerald green!
That's so interesting! What else do you know about green?
Yes! We have lizards around my home that will often turn green to camouflage themselves! 
So do I.  There's just so much great content you can post yourself and also discover on the platform.
Yes they are.  It's through that app that I've found a lot of users who share the same interests as me.  I could spend hours on it.
Yeah, there's a lot of filters I love to use on there.  It makes me look like I'm a better photographer than I am.
That's also really useful.  It helps me to find a lot of related things and also have more people find my posts.
My favorite time of year is Halloween and fall so naturally I love the TV show, The Walking Dead
Awesome, Ive never read the comics but I've heard they are good. Who is your favorite character (past or present)?
I like both of them too, but I really liked Glenn.  I thought abraham was really funny until he died :(
I can't wait until it comes back on.  I think it comes back in October?  and then we get to find out what happened with Neegan.
I have never done it but my school is really good!
I think they do the set routines, it seems demanding to me
I think they do it competetively, which is cool to me
That can be a long time to be perfectly in sync with other people though!
I love hot dogs!  Do you?
I thought frankfurters were different than hot dogs - like higher quality meat?
oh that's interesting!  What's pig in a blanket?
Do you eat yours with anything? I just like my hot dogs with a lot of ketchup!
So I picked up archery recently and to my surprise, I really enjoy it. Have you ever tried?
What other Latin words do you know?
Huh. When did you start archery? Do you take part in any competitions?
I think I want to enter one but I have no idea where to start.
What does the field cover?
How does one get into the field of accounting?
Are accountants usually well paid?
It sounds like if you get into the field you should have work readily available to you 
That's quite a lot of bees! A shame you're allergic.
What a weird name, any idea why they\'re called "sweat" bees? Do they sweat lol
I had no idea that wild bees were disappearing. That's so sad. Hopefully with the commercial raising of bees it'll help with strengthening colonies? Poor bees :(
That's truly amazing, who would have thought we would have continued the practice into modern times! I've always been interested in the practice of beekeeping myself, but I had no idea it had such a history.
Who was your favorite team? I usually only watch the SuperBowl with a 6 year old at home.
True, but there are so many different plays and tactics. I know the scoring, just don't understand the downs?
WOW I never knew that. Who knew Princeton ever had atheletes :)
Really, I never knew that. I had a lot of friends in college thats played Rugby for fun, but don't know anyting about it.
I have family in Ireland!  Have you ever been there?
It is near England, right?
I didn't know that!  What kind of government rules Ireland?
Oh.  I didn't realize it was split.  Why the the country divided?
Do you like American football?
True :) Do you have a favorite team? I love Washington Redskins
That's a lot of games and running around. I bet there were so many concussions 
what's CTE?
He does play some good music! I didn't know he died! 
Yes, he had some very big songs. Do you know what type of music he played? I have no idea what you'd call it.
Right, he did play a lot of rock and roll. I heard he did a lot of drugs too1
I remember that song! How many albums did he have?
Yeah, it is very nice! I like it because there is a lot of green in nature and plants.
Yes, it's very beautiful and essential for our survival! 
Yes through evolution! I really like the "walking stick" insects. They look just like sticks!
Yes, let me guess? Because money was green? 
Nice. Do you know why? I never understood why on St. Patrick's Day people drink green beer. 
I like to drink protein shakes before my workout.
That totally makes sense! The meat but not really the wine!
Yes this is true!
Yes, and those principles are still used today. It's like 80% diet and 20% exercise.
I guess that would be some concentrated protein..
Hello, I would love you to broaden my mind about medical billing
Ok, is this restricted to the united states alone?
What year did the United States adopt medical billing?
What does it take to become a Medical biller?
I'm going to an Elvis impersonator concert in a few weeks! Do you like Elvis?
I believe that's what my flyer calls him. I not really a fan but seeing the concert is a little different
I'm not sure either. I think it was just a celebrity that was glorified. Still cool to me though
I thought they only started after he passed away. Seems odd
Blue is universal,isn't that true?
It used to quality various terms like,blue sky,blue ocean,blue cocktail et al
Guess blue has been turned to green...Lol!
So let's talk plant...green as you suggest .Do you know about photosynthesis?
Really? Can you explain a bit more to me?
No motivation or lack of work ethic or perhaps depression?
Ok why do you think you are motivated at work but not at home?
Oh ok could it be burn out from work and when you get home you are just tired?
I've been to a lot of National Parks, I think Yellowstone was my favorite.  Have you been to any good ones?
I wish I was on the west coast sometimes.  I feel like I'd spend a lot more time out in nature if I had better choices nearby.
What kind of stuff is there?  Is it a forest or something, or are there a lot of animals?
Those are the best.  I'm really happy that people try to protect parts of nature, I'm always worried it'll all disappear someday.
Oh nice! I think I know who that is, does he sing the song Humble?
Oh, no. Sadly I don't, I am only aware of Humble haha. Is rap your favorite music genre?
Oh, yea..I believe I've heard about that. The album has to be good then for sure. Do you know anything else about him or Rap? 
Oh, I'm honestly not sure where that is. Has he been around long, do you know? Was humble his first hit?
Somebody still uses it as a means of transportation? Wow! I bet these people are so fit
My parents love skiing during winter. I used to ski a lot too when i lived in Kazakhstan
Really? That's interesting!
What? How in the world did they balance with only one pole?
I'm glad somebody thought of using two same length poles :)
