Seriously. I have been planning a vaction to Graceland myself. I have family in Tennessee so it could be good.
I always liked "Hounddog." My grandpa heard Elvis sing it live in Memphis.
Pretty good. Didn't Elvis make Jailhouse rock into a movie?
Was Elvis actually in jail? The movie depicts him dicovering his musical abilities in a cell.
Are you referring to the island in the North Atlantic? It has a population of 6.6 million people. Why do you ask?
There are lots of low-lying mountains in Ireland. Do you fancy a hike?
It also has lush vegetation and is very clean and green.
Yes but be careful you don't get lost in the thick woodlands! 
Archery is a sport/skill of using a bow to propel arrows.
It's a very old one, practiced for at least 10,000 years used for military or hunting in many cultures.
It came from the "beginning" of humanity rpetty much, like Upper Paleolithic to Mesolithic times, there wasn\'t cultures yet, I believe.
I like spear-throwers rather than bows, but all of them are pretty cool.
I don't personally do it but I really admire it, people who are experts in it are called toxophilites.
Wow chihuahua are something else. Tiny and the smallest breed of dog.
Yeah their history is shrouded in mystery, but the breed originated in Mexico.
Well people think they were named after Chihuahua in mexico, and were worshipped as deities by the Aztecs 
The Aztec religion upheld them as living gods with the power to return life to the dead and grand you fortune and fame.
Absolutely they even mad wheeled dog toys representing the  Chihuahua kids could carry around with for good luck and fun.
I am retired now.  Are you familiar with the work of Mehr and Meyer, well known psychologists?
They said that "Motivation is a word that is part of the popular culture as few other psychological concepts are."  Do you agree with what they said?
They mentioned various motivational theories.
The animals I would hunt are elk, mule deer, pheasants and Canadian geese. We would also hunt gophers because they would over populate and become pests.
The Canadian geese can become huge pests too. In the midwest they often get comfortable in parks and refuse to fly south, leaving droppings everywhere.
Some of them are. They goose problem has become so bad that some people have gone from hunting them, to poaching them, which is illegally killing them. 
Some people like to eat Canadian geese. Their meat can be a little greasy compared to other animals, but if you make it into a jerky, it is really good. 
The lead character is named Andrew Lincoln. The Sheriff's deputy is Rick Grimes. 
The Walk Dead premiered in 2010, as a cable tv show on AMC
This show mostly attracts the 18 to 49 year old aged viewers.
Ah well if you have only seen the movie you may not know that J.K Rowling wrote the books.
Yeah she wasn't famous before writing Harry Potter, she says she came up with the idea while on a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990.
It originally came out in june of 1997.
It is still intensely popular! It has sold more than 500 millon copies worldwide.
He was good.  he is a retired French professional footballer
He played for Monaco, Juventus, Barcelona, New York Red Bulls so he has been almost everywere 
he represented France and is his country's record goalscorer and was really good at it
He had his professional debut with Monaco in 1994.
Yeah I have heard Good form led to an international call-up in 1998
I have mostly used hunting as a means of pest control, I have an invasive species of warthogs on my land and they destroy my crops. 
Usually yes but I always save the two pairs of tusks protruding from its mouth as a trophy, Their skin i svery think and hard to cut, But there are some hunters who eat them. 
The species that I usually game prey like rabbits, squirrels and some birds but are generally usually just small mammals and birds.
Yes, I have suffered from a broken heart which is a metaphor for major emotional and physical pain that someone feels from the longing of a loved one. How about you?
When I had to put down my cat, I suffered immensely! The pain is severe and and can cause "broken heart syndrome" which means actual physical damage to your heart.
I'm sorry for you too! It is so difficult! It is believed that the emotional pain of a broken heart is part of the survival instinct.
I know that the broken heart concept is universal with many cultures using the same words to explain their pain and the feelings of loss.
It is! The concept crosses cultural boundaries and is often cited with a reference of a lost lover dating back over 3000 years.
I do! The first national park was Yellowstone, signed into law by President Ulysses Grant in 1972.
I have! I've also been to Rock Creek Park, Yosemite, and Mackinac National Park!
I've never been to that one! I bet its beautiful!
Wow that sounds so beautiful. I hope to someday visit all of the 59 protected areas known as national parks in the United States!
The discovery channel was simply referred to as didcovery back in 1985 tho
itspopular too, discovery channel is the third most distributed on cabel
Yea well it panders now so it makes sense that the discovery channel is a bad tc network
never liked discovery anyway
I do, the Dallas Cowboys. Bad of late but they will do great one day.
yes one day our offense will do great things with the football. Running, passing our way to victory.
yes, he played 14 seasons and those were truly the worst. We, and all dallas fans are very happy he is gone.
I actually went to college with Dak, we can only hope that him being in the NFL will help the dallas cowboys.
Sure the band was formed inn 1985 in  Los Angeles, California.  What is tour favorite album?
Yes that is  good.  They have released six studio albums and sold more than 100 million records worldwide.
That's right.  They are one of the best selling artists of all time.
That is a pity, his heroin addiction,  He was very talented, he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s.
Really? But despite it he has been the band's sole constant member since 1985.
Oh that's very cool I've never been to a Nickelback concert but I really do like Nickelback are you aware of who the members of the band are
I wasn't aware at first but Nickelback is not American there originating from Canada
I think the lead guitarist his name might be Nick Kroger or something like that
You're right it is Chad Kroeger I don't know where I think I got the Nick from the Nickelback part and I'm not really sure if they tore in their own country like why wouldn't they
yes me to classic rock is the best! Rock N Roll Experience Magazine showcases classic bands sometimes
They started in 1992, and have done colorful interviews with bands like KISS
 KISS helped pioneer hard rock,I did not know that, what genre do you like in music?
Oh that's funny, yeah it's a a fun leisure activity, do old people usually go bowling?
That reminds me, have you ever heard of the band Let's Go Bowling? It's a ska band from California.
I've never heard of bowling for soup lol. Let's Go Bowling performed on events along with Pearl jam, No Doubt, Goo Goo Dolls and many many more.
Yeah and Let's Go Bowling band's traditional ska style helped set the standards for dress and culture for West Coast Ska.
yeah I like how Ska combined elements of Caribbean mento and calypso and other styles like American jazz for example.
Oh really? It is kind of simple, you just need to watch it. First the ball starts with the offense, their goal is to get it into the endzone.
Oh I can understand that, advertising is so frustrating unless they are super bowl commercials. I like to watch Redzone on Sunday's ever heard of it?
Redzone is a channel that shows all of the games happening concurrently, with no commercials. They only show the big plays from all of the games.
It is usually included with any package that has NFL Network. You can get it through direcTV. I get mine through Playstation Vue.
Modern skiing came from Scandinavia, but it was thought to originally come from China, as seen in ancient paintings. Who would've thought.
Hmm I'm not sure, maybe! You should petition the Ski and Snowboard Association and Cross Country Ski Canada to research this line of questioning!
Unfortunately no. It just requires more balance than my body is capable of even imagining.
Harry Potter chronicles the life of Harry Potter and his friends.
The story concerns Harry's battle with Lord Voldemort.
The series has garnered critics regarding the darker tone as the series progressed.
Well, the books have more than 500 copies sold worldwide, so some disagree.
It attracted a wide adult audience in addition to younger readers.
Sure.it takes a lot of endurance . one leg the skier wore a long straight non-arching ski for sliding and on the other a shorter ski for kicking.
Earliest history were found in Russia and date to 6000 BCE.
first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates to 1741.
Earliest skiers used one long pole or spear.
Yes I have in the past. It was for emotional reasons, but I know people in the situation because of physical geography
Did you ever go back to your partner for comfort?
It seems like you should take time to work on yourself.
Relationships have to be a two-way street!
I like the actor Andrew Lincoln. He plays the lead character as a sheriff's deputy.
I liked it when he awakens from a coma to find the world that he new is now overrun by zombies.
I do, even if they are fictional. The thought of of the undead or the reanimation of the human corpse that feeds of the living creeps me out.
Right, now that sounds very weird. Are we actually in a horror movie or fantasy. 
Yes Dylans Candy Bar is my favorite boutique candy store
Yes Ralph Laurens daughter Dylan  Lauren owns them
Since 2011 and Dylan Lauren was on the cover of Forbes magazine
She has over 7000 candies from all over the world
I do too! It's a great team sport played on a rectangular field between two goalposts.
Don't hold this against me, but I like the Patriots. They seem to always be the team with the most points at the end of the game.
Yes, they have. Tom Brady is my favorite player. He is one of only two players to have won 5 Super Bowls.
The first game of football was played on November 6, 1869. It was a college game.
Its not too big but it is the third largest island in Europe so not too small, seems like a lively and nice place.
I have! Ive been to British isles of Great Britain, England to be exact, it is where I was born but ive lived my life in America since I was a baby. Visited last winter too.
Thats pretty cool, id still love to visit more of Europe, it would be cool to explore the thick woodlands of Ireland.
Yea France, Spain, and the Netherlands are the top of my list but Ireland and Scotland would be awesome too.
Oh they are classic!! They are an American band from LA that formed in 1985.
Axl Rose, Slash, Izzy, Duff and Steven Adler still perform today!
Well Axl of course! lol His band released 6 albums selling more than 100 million records worldwide making them the 41st best selling artists of all time!
I think it was drugs but what do you expect from a rock band from the 80\'s, right. lol Their most successful album was "Appetite for destruction" in 1987 which debuted their most famous song "Sweet child o\'mine". A great song! 
its when elements in game design are applied to other virtual ones. 
Game design I use is used to create for entertainment or education. I've seen some for exercising too.
I'm in school for it . Its part of game studies, while game theory studies require strategic decision making qualities. 
I've designed virtual role play games as part of the gamification process
I like popcorn. It is based on corn and kernels.
I am not sure, but corn was developed in Mexico long ago.
I am not sure, but archaeologists have known about popcorn for thousands of years Maybe heat has something to do with it.
No idea, but the stovetop has been used to pop kernels since the 10th century.
Yes the two most common are atlanticcod and pacific cod
I read that it is a popular food with a mild flavor and a dense flaky flesh
I also read that cod livers are processed to make cod liver oil
I am so glad!  A lot of great shows are on the Discovery Channel. It's the third most widely distributed cable channel in the U.S.
Oh i LOVE MythBusters! That, and Deadliest Catch. 
Definitely. It really is a dangerous job, but it's definitely worth it for those delicious Alaskan snow crabs.  
I was never a big fan of the Dave Matthews Band, but I actually really dig some of his solo performances.
I was so excited when The Verve reformed, but it's too bad they couldn't keep it together for very long.
It was always funny to me that "Ironic" didn\'t actually contain any ironic situations. Somehow I always get 4 Non Blondes and Blondie mixed up in my head.
I still do, sometimes as a sport or leisure activity.
Usually i just play with a friend and the pins are knocked down every time I play!
Does Wii bowling have the maximum score of 300 or some other score?
I see, I have a flat wooden or other synthetic surface in my house so I can bowl in the privacy of my home!
You should! The aim is usually to get the ball as close to the pins so my house doesn't break!
I have never read any books by the British author J.K. Rowling, it does sound like an interesting series though
It must be very popular to have sold more than 500 million copies around the world. It has been translated to 73 languages!
I see, his friends Hermoine Granger and Ron Weasley and they must go that Hogwarts School
I thought they came out more recently than Juen 26, 1997!
Well way back in history, archery was less a sport and more a means of hunting and combat.
Well I\'m not sure how old it is, but I know that in Latin it is known as "arcus".
Usually an archer or bowman would hunt small game like rabbits.
I have tried both. I was better at snow skiing than water skiing. I think for water skiing I wasnt strong enough to hold myself up.
I did at Vail Skit Resort.  That was many years ago. I haven't had a chance to go back.  Maybe once I move up North I can try again.
I have wanted to get into yoga just to help with my mentality. I have heard it is ver meditating.
I have been looking into zen yoga for the energetic practices of it.
I personally haven't designed any games but have taken classes about games, I like it because there are rules and roles that everyone has to adhere to and it gives you any kind of element you want to work with. 
I took classes in high school before getting my diploma.
not so much drawing but learning to code. most Game designers have bachelor degrees. 
Yes, I would like to get my bachelors and then do something with game development, it would be cool to work on a game start to finish over the couple year period it takes to make a game. 
I am much more in to PC games but growing up I played console games. 
I loved Elvis!  It was so sad when he died! He really WAS the "King of Rock and Roll"!
He was born on January 8, 1935 in Tupelo Mississippi!  I was born on January 8 as well!  We shared the same birthday!
It was in January 1956 when Elvis released his first single!  It was called Heartbreak Hotel, and it was awesome!  It became the number one hit in the U.S.!
Me too!  Interestingly, it was written by  Mae Boren Axton and Tommy Durden.  Elvis sang it beautifully!
I actually have ALL his albums!  It's quite a collection!  I love the way he fuses together country music and rhythm and blues. It's amazing!
I like green, I think it is cool that it is a mix of blue and yellow, and comes between them in the visible spectrum as well
Not only that, it has a long tradition as the color of ireland culture as well!
I think both kinds of apples are good, but red apples are a bit more sweet, i like that fruit a bit more
I am not sure, I would think they would be very tiny differences though, as they are the same type of fruit
I like green, it reminds me of trees since it is the color between blue and yellow!
Quite poetic aren't you? I think thats because it is formed by light which has a dominant wavelength 
Exactly, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue which our eyes percieve. 
Yes and by far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, which you see in trees and plants
oh god, do you have health insurance. 
medicaal illing is essential in USA. And also health insurance is vey important for all. We need to claim with insurance company and recie the payment 
YEs buddy, Medicare it is a single payer, national insurance company from1966
sure, It provides health insurance for 65 aged and older people, and also for younger people with some disability,as well as with end stage of renal disease
Yes, oth government and private health insurance aret there.What type of health insurance are you going to take. 
I actually love Nickelback! They sold over 50 million albums in early 2000s I think!
They became quite popular! They've had a few drummer changes in the early 2000s, but I still love them and their sound, now.
They went through drummer changes from 1995 to 2005. I think the drummer now is Adair, and he replaced Ryan Vikedal.
Ah yes! The lead vocalist is Chad Kroeger, and the backing vocalist is Ryan Peake. Great voices!
I haven't heard about the backstory on how they were discovered. Do you happen to know the history?
Yes I am a big fan of it actually. I love reading about chronicles of the life of a young wizard
 As far as the main story arc concerns, he was and he went to wizard school to improve himself.
These novels were written by British author J. K. Rowling.
Yup, she is probably a millionaire since she sold more than 400 million copies across 8 books.
Yes! In fact, they have attracted a wide adult audience, not only children!
Generally, there are three basic forms of 10 pin bowling.
The most basic form is known as stroking, which is the most classic form .
A well-known variant of " tweening " is the poser stroker 
Yea same motivation is very hard if you dont desire it or need it
Even when people have action or desires it still hard to get motivated
Well its hard you need something to prompt you to act to get motivated to do it so you actually can act
I think if it was easy to get motivated to act on desires and needs people wouldnt struggle with it
Motivation is something i hope i find someday haha
I mean, obviously it *depends* -- but competitive routines include tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and "stunting". A lot!
I loved gymnastics from the time I was 3. Dance, too. I mean, being here int the U.S. means it's big -- and big business. There are like 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading!
No worries -- it feels a bit silly now, as I'm an adult -- but basically it's competitive cheerleading. Prior to 1987, teams like that were placed in the same divisions that repped schools and sports leagues.
Yes its great its a internet based photo sharing app lots of fun
Kevin sytsrom and Mike Krieger in 2010
You have to register as a user to upload photos
Not sure how many members but it is owned now by facebook
Well the bank Nickelback is from Hanna, Alberta Canada and their lead singer and guitarist is Chad Kroeger
They released a great album called "The State" in 2000 album and it achieved commercial success
That is true, they are one of the most successful Canadian groups, and have sold 50 million albums!! 
A few words show up in chinese documents from 3rd century then nothing until 8th century, strange huh?
Yes and old records indicate Chinese had a lot of influence on early japanese language
Not sure? I know they ended a self imposed isolation from the world in 1853
I also like green.  It is right between yellow and blue on the color wheel
I learned most about colors as a kid while using Crayola crayons.  Can you believe Crayola has been around since 1903?
It is funny to think that they started with just one color...it was called the Black Staonal Marking Crayon
Well they started out as a pigment supply company.  Then they shifted gears to school and house products like chalk and crayons
Well they sure did expand from the one color.  They now have over 200 varieties
Harry Potter consists of seven different fantasy novels.
Harry Potter follows, you guessed it, Harry Potter and his friends like Hermione and Ron.
Yep! Harry Potter and his friends go on adventures at Hogwarts.
There are many types of deer around the world that are hunted for food. They give us venison.
The white-tailed deer is native to the United States as are some other varities.
In North America, white-tailed deer are widely distributed east of the Rocky Mountains.
In the Americas, white-tailed deer are the most widely distributed type. I'm not sure how many offspring each year, but I believe it is 1-3.
Me too, I study colors for a living and green is a personal favorite, In fact green has a very dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm which is high on the color spectrum.
That sounds really cool. I know that Razer makes lots of green products, I bet those are your favorites eh?
Well most Many plants and also creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green color as a camouflage.
They sure do, I know that in nature plants are green because of chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy. Plants are the most abundant green objects on earth. 
You are welcome! one last fact is that Chlorophyll is absolutely essential in photosynthesis, its what allows plants to absorb energy from sunlight.
I agree. They're associated with the Roaring Twenties which had many classy dressing styles.
Not sure, but they are knitted so I'm guessing lots of different materials can be used.
They can be machine or hand knitted.
Coco Chanel actually poularized them, because she didn't like how tight-necked sweaters messed up her hair when removing them.
I wouldn't want to be EMS on 911 calls.  The scenes would haunt you for life.
I imagine it is not as bad not that there is enchanced 911 so paramedics only have to go to the calls they are absolutely neccessary for 
In Winnipeg they have was is known as the winnipeg fire paramedic servic, or WFPS.  6They have 2 different paramedic divisions depending on the type of 911 call.
\\it started in 1882 with the Winnipeg Fire Department and grew from there.
It is from our view point but  not in the grand scheme of things.
Green is actually the color in between blue and yellow on the visible light spectrum
haha how very true! The largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, a chemical which plants use to convert sunlight into chemical energy.
Many animals have also adapted a green hue in order to camouflage in their geen environments.
Usually Amazon and Target. I love how I can shop from anywhere, my phone, laptop, my tablet. Possibilites are endless.
Not really, what is that? Is it an online store where I look at pictures of the products, see prices and specifications?
With amazon's search engine I can search any kind of model or brand and I'm not limited like some stores.
Jeff Bezos founded Amazon long ago. I guess you don't do much online shopping?
Insane Clown Posse (ICP) is an American hip hop duo composed of Violent J ,and Shaggy 2 Dope . 
Founded in Detroit in 1989, I
The duo has earned two platinum ,with 5 golden album 
Interestingly,the entire catalog of the group has sold 6.5 million units in the United States and Canada .
 The duo founded the independent record label Psychopathic Records with Alex Abbiss as manager, and produced and starred in the feature films "Big Money Hustlas
Wow that's cool! Is she from Northern Ireland, or the Republic of Ireland? 
Oh okay. So Northern Ireland is actually still part of the United Kingdom right? 
Have you ever visited there? 
I would too. It looks so beautiful. 
Yes and the low-lying mountains are stunning! 
Off and on, it seems as if gaming has become a part of popular culture.  What types of games do you design?
What platforms do you design games for -- PCs, video game consoles, etc.?
Seems like there has been much growth for iOS devices like the iPad.
Yep, and new the iPad is the second-most popular kind of tablet.  Apple knows what they are doing!
I'm not sure, but I do know that he graduated from MS State University and went to the MS School of Law in 1981
He has a bunch! The Chamber, The Client, A Painted House, The Pelican Brief, The Runaway Jury, A Time to Kill!
Yes, and The Firm was his first top seller, selling over 7 million copies!
Well, back in 2012, Grisham's books had sold over 275 million copies!
Thats cool, you are preparing to be a  healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment
he scope of practice of a paramedic differs for  countries,
In most countries, the profession is a protected title and accountable to a professional regulatory body
It is very closely related to other healthcare positions, especially the emergency medical technician role
Bowling is one of major throwing sports. It has not changed
I am knowledgeable. In bowling your target is to knock all pins in the lane.
If you will make a strike when you don't hit any pins.
You are right. I made a typing error.  A strike is when all the pins are knocked down.
You can get a maximum score of 300. You do this by getting 12 strikes in a row.
I am certain the skis then were much different than today. 
the oldest examples of skis came from Russia and have been dated close to 6000 BCE.
Do you enjoy the skiing that takes place at the olympics?
for one it is one of the major forms of throwing sports and I think a lot of people enjoy it
well a strike is when you knock down all pins on the first round
you will need to get three strikes in a row that is a turkey
I love first first book "A Time to Kill," was published in June 1989,
 his  first books have sold over 275 million copies worldwide
I am not sure but i can tell you that a time to kill his book was adapted into a 1993 feature film of the same name, starring Tom Cruise,
I love green too! The color between blue and yellow is so unique.
The philosopher Nelson Goodman described it.
That is is irreal. Meaning that it can be unreal.
Just that it can be a position in a field.
Yes like science in an electron field.
I'm not sure how many seasons exactly but I know its a lot. Also, there are 2 TV series, 6 novels, video games and audio books, all Walking Dead related.
My favorite character is Rick Grimes, played by actor Andrew Lincoln. He is awesome.
He is the main character. He wakes up from a coma to find the world taken over by zombies. He then goes on a mission to find other survivors, fighting zombies along the way.
You have to stab them through the head or the heart I believe. I stopped watching the show a few seasons back.
It would be so interesting to help build a game for entertainment or educational purposes
I bet both could work out, if you are really good you probably don't need education
I bet it would help a great deal, but game design can also just be creating goals, rules and challenges to define a board game, card game, etc
I bet it does, it is definitely worth looking into, it is a current research topic in metadesing
Absolutly, I have only ever hunted for food but it serves a good purpose in removing predators that are dangerous.
That is true but we always have to watch out for excessive hunting. it has caused some species to become endangered.
agreed, I remember reading one time that unless you plan to kill the animal its not considered hunting. 
Yeah hunting is a great way to feed your family and control the pest and predators in the wild.
I know each team has eleven players and they have goalposts at each end of the rectangular field
They score points by getting the ball into the other teams goalpost
I a not sure but which ever team has the most points when time runs out wins the game :)
Skittles is an Old European lawn game, kinda like ten-pen bowling.
Yes it is! It is a popular indoor place game. 
In Catalonia has a version and it is called "bitles". It is not as popular in present times.
Catalonia is located in Ilberian Peninsula. Barcelona, the capital" is one of 4 provinces. 
I do sometimes! It's fun and relaxing to play a game where you can lob a ball down an aisle and knock down a bunch of pins. 
I need to take a class. I would like to be able to knock down all the pins at once and get a strike, or at least knock them down in two tries and get a spare. 
I'm terrible so I'd probably get 15 out of the maximum score of 300. haha! I usually go with family and friends about twice a year. 
Even if I suck at bowling, I like the ambiance of a bowling alley and I've always wanted to go behind the automated machines that set up the pins at the end of the lane. 
Apparently before there were machines, there was an actual person called a pinsetter that would pick up and arrange all the pins that have been knocked over and give the balls back to the players. 
For me Motivation is a word that is part of the popular culture as few other psychological concepts are, so you have to find your own ways to motivate yourself
Motivation as a desire to perform an action that you rather not, so you need to find the reason why, and hopefully change your mind :D
The "wanting behavior" associated with a rewarding stimulus can be increased by microinjections of dopamine, so you need to be happy to be motivated also :D
Yes, you need to start from yourself, motivation is the reason for people's actions
I use Facebook and Instagram to share pictures and videos to my followers! Do you use Instagram? 
I'm the same way. I do like the filters that I can add to my photos in Instagram though! It's fun to play around with them.
I never realized that Instagram is owned by Facebook, did you?
Yes, that's one of the things I like about Instagram. I can use my account to share to my other social media profiles. It's easy!
I have to admit, it did take me awhile to get used to reading and adding hashtags to my posts! But I like browsing hashtags to discover new content.
That could be fun!  The United States has 59 protected areas known as national parks that are operated by the National Park Service
Well they had A bill creating the first national park, Yellowstone, was signed into law by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1872. So that is probably the most loved
I have been to big bend in texas. i learned in school The Organic Act of 1916 created the National Park Service "to conserve the scenery and the natural and historic objects and wildlife therein
im really not sure but Many current national parks had been previously protected as national monuments.
Same! Seven national parks (including six in Alaska) are paired with a national preserve and those are really pretty
Yes, I have read his very first novel "A Time to Kill" which was published in June 1989 after he took four years to write it!
I'm not surprised that he writes crime novels since he practiced criminal law for about a decade
It certainly does pay to write about what you know about since his first bestseller, "The Firm", sold more than seven million copies!
Ah, yes...Tom Cruise!  So handsome! He's been nominated for three Academy Awards and has won three Golden Globe Awards!
if you get three strikes in a row, it is called a turkey
yeah, and less known, a bagger is what you call four consecutive strikes
yeah, it is either a bagger or a hambone, which is a bit more common for four strikes
Not that I am aware of, those things sort of just happen
Yes I do, I have the version for Android yhat was released in 2012, even when I don't post much,  What about you?
Do you upload many photos and videos?
Originally, Instagram only allowed photos as a square, that was changed in 2015, when it started allowing full size pictures.
I agree, and you can add hastag to your posts, linking them to other content in Instagram that is related.
You can also aplly various digital filters to your pictures, but I don't use that feature that much
Iv'e been bowling a few times, but how does the scoring work?
Is the scoring the same as in Ten-pin bowling?
Apparently the scoring is very different.  pin counts don't roll over and only total pin knockdowns count towards the score. 
In ten-pin, the ball is called a "bowler". Heavier "bowlers" are used by pros because they, statistically, will knock over more pins.
so its like a sweater, open in the front, its often tied like a robe
so coco chanel made them popular because she hated how traditional over the head sweaters messed up her hair
yea its mostly associated with college stidents in the 20s but bacame popular recently in the 90s
of course, the word itself is from a welsch place named ceredigion
They are from Los Angeles.
They are famous cause of the lead singer Axl Rose.
He is great but lead guitarist Slash is really good also.
it was launched in october 2010.  I think it was mostly just for editing photos then. At least thats all I thought it was.
It's a social media app that allows people to not JUST edit, but also share them with all kinds of people.  
Very...and it's owned by Facebook...which is pretty weird to me.
Well about 6.6 million people liver there, making it the second most populous island in europe.
Techically it has two, Dublin and Belfast. This is because Ireland is divided into two different countries. The Republic of Ireland, and Northern Ireland.
No. Nothern Ireland was established in 1998 as part of the Good Friday Agreement.
It is a very complex agreement but in essense it was to encourage decommissioning of weapons and establishing sovereignty. They were trying to stop a war.
Oh yes i do. Have you joined the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants 
Yes you are right. THat is meant for the united states. It is Founded in 1887
Yes i am one of the 200,000 members
Have you caught any cod? Its also known ad Gadus.
Do you like eating it? It can be very flaky and dense.
Apparently, cod are used as a good source of vitamin a, d and e
They do, they can be used for fish and chips too, Have you had that?
Me too, a little too much sometimes.
Nice, does she lead cheerlead for a sports team, like football, or does she do it as a sport of its own, for competition?
That's awesome. ESPN has broadcast international cheerleading competitions. It's a serious sport. 
They have to be very athletic to do all those components of tumbling, jumps, dance, and stunt moves!
Good luck to her! It's become so popular in America, apparently about 1.5 million participants are involved. Very cool!
I've never had one.  What are they?
I love mustard and relish!
Relish is great! It is a cooked and pickled product of chopped veggies!
Both.  But i greatly prefer beef!
green is evoked by a light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm!
yes and chlorophyll contributes the most to the green color in nature. its a chemical that plants use for photosynthesize
thank you and also fun fact in the middle ages/ renaissance time period green was associated with merchants, bankers while red was reserved for the nobility. 
yes and emeralds are colored green by their chromium content. several minerals have a greenish color.
I like that it can be used as just simple transportation or as a recreational activity. 
No I think it is fun. You just have to get used to using it as a mode of transport. Modern skiing has evolved from its beginnings in Scandinavia. 
Even the word ski comes from Scandinavia. Though there is evidence it may have started in China. 
Yes I do I watch it a lot
Yes, Discovery Channel (known as The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995, and often referred to as simply Discovery)
Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the United States, behind TBS
Yes
Harry potter is about an orphan who lives a fantasy life at a wizard school when he finds out he is a wizard
Harry potter is a 7 book fantasy series written by JK Rowling
the main story is about harrys struggle vs the evil wizard voldemort and yes they made movies for every book and 2 for the last
The first harry potter book only came out in 1997 but made billions since
Yes , i love Private equity because they are not  publicly traded and the investors are typically large institutional investors, university endowments, or wealthy individuals like me
Yes, I know a lot about how they  create value by overcoming agency costs and better aligning the incentives of corporate managers with those of their shareholders.
Have you ever heard about debt financing before. They use it extensively to reduce  corporate taxation burdens 
american football just referred to as football in the states and canada is also known as giridiron football. its a team sports played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts on each end. im not  afan if im being honest
points are scored by advancing the ball into the opposing teams end zone for a touchdown or kicking it through the opponents goalposts for a field goal. good question!
it evolved from rugby football and from the sports of association football
very much so. its actually quite terrible how common brain injuries are. but some history the first match was played november6 1869 between two college teams, rutgers and princeton but was under the rules of the association of football at the time.
absolutely! after the team with the most poitns win people talk about the game for days and days on end. it brings a lot of people together (and apart). its probably the most popular sport in america
I sure do! I love the sport, I always practice all the time to increase my skill of using the bow to hunt. 
Its not hard at all most people I know do it mainly as a competitive sport and some do it for recreation. 
I use a compound bow because of its rigidity, It makes the compound bow more energy-efficient than any other bows, it easier too because a lot less energy is dissipated in limb movement.
Well if you want a good one itll cost you a good $500 or more, Dont cheap out though because the cheaper ones break easy and can seriously injure you. 
Well the oldest signs of archery use was in Europe and it originated in the north of Hamburg, Germany and dates from the late Paleolithic, about 10,000\xe2\x80\x939000 BC.
Apart of being a singer and musician, he was also an actor
Yes but he achieved a lot, he was Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century
he is often referred to as the "King of Rock and Roll" or simply "the King".
Yes, Presley was a pioneer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues.
I only take herbal supplements to increase my strength and stamina.
Anything that is plant based that I can substitute into my diet.
Yes, it is very popular because three are more than 4 billion people who follow a plant based diet.
Bodybuilding supplements started to become really popular in the 1970's due to the use of various marketing techniques.
20 years now! excessive hunting has also heavily contributed to the endangerment, extirpation and extinction of many animals.
I hunt for feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade.
there is around 5.8 million legally owned firearms in Australia ranging from bolt action, pump action, 
Yes, he actually played for Monaco, Barcelona, New York, and Arsenal, where he was the club's all-time record goalscorer!
He was born on 17 August 1977 which makes him 40 years old. Do you like watching soccer?
Ok, Henry represented France in international play and holds the country's record for most goals scored!
It was at Arsenal where he made himself a world-class player. He scored 228 goals in all his competitions!
It is really very fun. It can be considered a sport or a skill where a bow is used to propel arrows.
I do not. It used to be mainly for hunting and fighting, but not anymore.
It is an increasingly popular competitive sport and recreational activity.
Many countries do participate in the sport.
Ireland is actually an island.  Very cool.  Many people don't know that. 
Ireland is the third largest island in Europe.  There are tons of cities to visit. What do you like to see?
Differently drop into Northern Ireland than.  You'll love it.
Pop into Belfast the capital of Northern Ireland. It is pretty interesting. 
Yes, it's so fun. I love rolling and knocking down the pins and targets
I think it's really fun to get strikes. In 10 pin bowling, getting the highest score is key
I'ev had perfect games before and including throwing the sports.
Just aim for the end of the lane and let it loose. There are ways to make it happen, but it is hard.
No I have not. But three strikes is a turkey, and I've always thought that was funny
The color of green can differ in hue, chroma or lightness - I like the light green best!
Not only are golf courses green, but so are some minerals - particularly the  emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.
Chromium is a chemical element - its symbol is Cr
Some metals are made with chromium - they have a high value for its high corrosion resistance and hardness.
Perhaps.  I do have trouble paying attention for a person of my age.
I am 24.  When did his symptoms appear?  Were they before the age of twelve?  Did they last longer than six months?
The terminology you used to describe your son\'s school is interesting.  I\'m assuming that "high school" means you live in America?
I\'m in England.  Do you watch football ("soccer" in America)?  One of my favorite players was Lawrence Plackett.
So are mine! In Gaelic cultures green is very popular, with a long historical tradition. It is known as the color of Ireland.
Back in the middle ages green was often associated with merchants and bankers. Red was nobility's color of choice.
It is. Green is between blue and yellow on the color spectrum, so they'd be quite close in some instances.
Nice color. Green is useful too - the RGB color model is used on TVs and computer screens.
Have you ever been able to obtain the maximum score 300?
That's amazing! The best thing I have ever gotten was a turkey or 3 consecutive strikes.
Have you only done 10 pin bowling or have you tried a variation such as five-pin or duckpin?
I think I would like to try duckpin bowling which is a ten-pen variation using a ball slightly larger than a softball.
I liked Elvis more as an actor
I was 10 when he died, so that may be why.  I visited Graceland with family, and learned about the Memphis Mafia, though!
The Memphis Mafia were a group of people who accompanied, protected, and served Elvis.  
I sure have! Ive been bowling for 17 years now, I am an expert, Want me to show you the way of the bowl? What would you like to know? 
Well objective of bowling is to score the highest pinfall by knocking down as many of the pins as possible so its pretty easy. Dont stress out about it. 
Well if you wanna go pro then It is one of the major things you need to do, Good shoes give you traction so you wont fall. .
Well the basics are that the maximum score you can get is 300, which is achieved of course by getting 12 strikes in a row. Which is very difficult even for a pro like myself. 
I'm an engineer, but I know some about accounting myself, like how modern accounting was established in 1494.
I\'m into computer engineering, so anything hardware and software related really. Also I know that "accounting" and "financial reporting" are used as synonyms, but are they any different?
That's fair enough. Accounting is also divided into many fields, like management accounting and financial accounting.
I always thought book keeping was pretty much the same. There's also accounting information systems that are designed to support functions that accountants do.
Just a little bit of it on the side, really. What kind of accounting work do you do out of all the options like tax accounting and all that?
Of course, I started liking it after i saw RobinHood as a kid. It's a sport that uses  a bow to propel arrows.
The use of Bow and Arrows as date as far back as Paleolithic or early Mesolithic periods.
It was actually coined from the word arcus which is latinn
Yes in today's world it's used for  competitive sport and recreational activity but back in the early days it was for combat and hunting.
Yes without motivation you have no reason to act on your desires or needs.
You can really reinforce positive behavior by staying motivated 
When you praise your significant other it validates their positive attributes.
Praise is a great form of acknowledgement and encouragement.
They usually have buttons. Actually, if they are tied instead they might be considered a robe.
Actually the opposite. Cardigans have buttons but they are indeed a very similar garment.
They were popularized by women because they hated how tight-necked men's sweaters messed up their hair but both sexes can wear them.
I'm not positive but they are named after James Brudnell who lived in the 1700s
I have not but would want to try Irish coffee sometime  as a cocktail
Yea I know that one has to add hot coffee, Irish whiskey, and sugar then a very thick cream 
oh really. I wonder what It would taste like because I know  the  coffee  is drunk through the cream.
Cocktails and coffee pre-date the now-classic Irish coffee by at least 100 years
Oh I still like Nirvana, Kurt Cobain's middle name was Donald!
I do! Kurt Donald Cobain was born in 1967 and lived until 1994
He it is unfortunate. Were you aware that he was born in Aberdeen, washington?
I'm not sure, I don't know much about it. I do know that Nirvana's debut album was Bleach it released in 1989
As do I, Nevermind was there massively successful album, and probably their most famous, it was after this album that Cobain was hailed as the spokesman of a generation.
All bees and wasps, they all terrify me honey bee, african bee, wasps. The western honey beee is the most common bee worldwide so i most look out for them
Well without medical attention I don't make it. I can't even eat honey, because of the pollen that is used as food for the bee larvae.
Nope, but whats really strange is I worked as a beekeeper for the summer, or the apiary which is where the bees are kept, or a "bee yard.".
Not really, unless the single fertile female queen is threatened, the bees build their whole colony around her and will defend her to the death.
It can be very hard to motivate your self on cleaning the house.  
i can easily find motivation to watch my favorite tv series!
Crowdsourcing can be interesting with hearing other peoples ideas.
it is the practice of obtaining information into a task or project by enlisting the services of a large number of people, either paid or unpaid. 
I know some stuff about him. I believe he started when he was a teen with the name K-Dot which led him to be signed.
No, I don't really listen to that genre. I have heard the song HiiiPoWeR though from his first album.
I prefer country and pop. It's amazing how he had so many online followers by the time he had his first album and made music with some famous people.
Yeah, everyone likes something different.. I know Lamar had a third album come out in 2015 which rose on the charts and even won an award.
Are you good in mathematics as it deals with measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities 
Then you are on the right path to become and accountant or a  Practitioner of accounting
It is something like a tool used by the accountant. It is contains a  a summary of the financial balances of an individual or organization
 Assets, liabilities and ownership equity are often included in relation to the date. 
Do you ride for transportation, recreation or sport?
People who cycle are called "bikers" or" cyclists"
Do you ride a unicycle, tricycle, or regular bike?
Bikes have been around since 19th century and there are about a billion of them now
Its good to reduce consumption of fossil fuels and not deal with traffic!
I just train my dogs through classical conditioning
Classical condition is forming an association between two stimuli and non-associative is where behavior is modified through habituation.  Also operant where they learn to form an association an action and its consequence
Clicker training is very popular, as well as using treats
Yeah, it really surprised me to learn that it was based on a comic book series!
Yep, the comics it was based on were written by Robert Kirkman, who also has a lot of control over the TV show and has written several episodes.
Same here! Something interesting about the comic is that it was done completely in black and white, which was an interesting stylistic choice.
You should! There's actually a lot more to the series than just the show. In addition to the two different tv series and comic book, there are also six novels, video games, and other media such as audio books.
Do you know about American football? It is referred to as football in the united states and Canada
Yes, it is usually a two team sports played by 11 players
It lasts for 90minutes, the team with the most point wins at the end
Oh yes, points are primarily scored by advancing the ball
Do u know that the first American football was played in November 6,1869
Thats tough. Broken heart is a metaphor for a broken heart. Is that what happened to him?
Emotional pain from a broken heart can cause "broken heart syndrome" if it gets sever enough. Hes going to need a lot of support.
They say the emotional pain associated with a broken heart is part of a survival instinct.
Broken hearts can be traced back to over 3000 years ago. It is a cross cultural concept. Which leads scientists to believe it is more than just a metaphor.
 love gridiron football.
I played offense. I helped them try to advance the ball.
I played on the Ohio State Buckeyes. We played for the Big Ten Conference.
Yes. I played in 2012 and played for coach Urban Meyer.
Interestingly,his books has been translated into 42 languages and published worldwide.
I\'ve read his first novel, "A Time to Kill," was published in June 1989
He has  to sold over 2 million copies on a first printing
Eight of his other novels have also been adapted into films: "The Chamber", "The Client", "A Painted House", "The Pelican Brief", 
Yes, Instagram is an internet photo sharing app. It lets so many people have the ability to share their lives, by pictures and videos, to their followers. 
It actually was created by Kevin Sytrom and Mike Krieger in October 2010. 
Well, it's actually owned by Facebook, which many people don't realize. 
I'm not really sure how many users. I know that the use of the digital filters on photos and adding locations with geotags has made it so popular.
I dont know why but I love the Dursleys
Interesting that Dumbledore put Harry there for his safety
the books alone have sold 500 million copies, that is amazing
Also the books have been translated into 73 different languages, amazing!!
No but i have a neighbor that have three of them and they are of variety of colors
I could not recollect it. I am not very good with colors. But i learnt he bought it in Mexico which is where the breed originated
Do you know the  "Techichi". I learnt that is where the Chihuahuas  descended from. I do not know how true this is
I have read a lot about the  Aztec people. They were from the central Mexico and their language is Nahuatl language
Well that archaeological Mesoamerican culture is part of Mexico too and also in Tula and Hidalgo
The first found examples of skis were found in Russia.
They were made of many different rigid materials.
Countries from all around the world ski and it is recognized by the International Olympic committee. 
It depends on where you do it really. Paramedics have different roles in different countries
we work mostly in pre-hospital treatment
They do work in hospitals in Australia 
I do use it, and I love it!  It is an Internet-based photo-sharing application
All sorts of photos - of themselves, or their vacation, or their animals, and lots more!  There's even an Android version that came out in 2012
When they post a photo they can add a message, including hashtags
Hashtags help people find messages with a specific theme - they just click on a hashtag, and the system brings up all the messages that were posted using that tag!
I suppose it is more accurate now, but sometimes I think the old ways of measuring the results and activities of business is better with pen and paper
the term accounting and financial have been used as synonyms, but accounting can be divided into a few different fields
well there is financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and several more.
As long as I get paid to be an accounting practitioner, I'll enjoy it, how about that? ;)
The 2016 median annual salary was $68,150, and this of course varies from state to state with different job markets.
There are a lot of potential fields in accounting, like management, external auditing, tax/cost accounting, all of which need an MBA.
I love popcorn. the corn kernel expand and puffs up with heat. Something so simple.
Love butter. It has been found that people have known about popcorn for thousands of years. Archaeologists have determined this.  
That made me laugh. I could see popcorn being figured out as accident. I mean corn was first cultivated dating back 9000 years in Mexico.
There are certain strains of corn they cultivate to make popping corn. Its called "zea mays".
I really like Harry Potter and J.K. Rowling.
For a while I never knew that J.K. Rowling was a British author.
The story is about, you guessed it, Harry Potter and his buddies.
Yep. Two of his friends were Hermoine and Ron.
All of this would take place at the school that they attended called Hogwarts School of Witchcraft.
That's great! It originated in America and still remains mostly in America
You're right! In 1997 the first international cheerleading competition was broadcast by ESPN, so not long ago!
You should watch one! The teams create routines with contain tumbling, dance, and stunts
For a few months now. It's a good dietary supplement. It provides extracts from food sources and nutrients.
I feel like it's helping me lose weight. In the 1970s and 1980s the bodybuilding supplement marked exploded.
Yep, it helps professional bodybuilders to prepare for competitions where they line up and pose for judges.
There's a famous bodybuilder by the name of Tony Pearson. He competed in individual and couple competitions. And of course there is Arnold.
(Bleep) if I know on that, but it's really my favorite color because green is between blue and yellow and the invisible spectrum. Very best reason why right there
My response to that would be too long, I always believed it was. Mona Lisa British House of Commons are green. Just a little fun fact I like to tell the family at Holiday get to gethers right there. Thought I'd tell you too
Maybe they are measured in dominant wavelengths for painting purposes, this I'm not really sure. I personally don't measure them this way. 
That's awesome! my rising sign is a Sagittarius. :) It's cool that it used to be for combat
You know what, I can't remember. But I know the Sagittarius constellation is in the center of the Milky Way!
I believe they were invented in Ancient China!
Yeah! The islamic world influenced a lot of medieval Europe.
Yep, it can actually be traced to early versions of rugby football also
Probably the New England PAtriots. I always had a thing for Tom Brady lol
Yep, they called that Deflategate. He got suspended for 4 games and the team was fined $1 million and they lost 2 draft picks
It is crazy but he did the crime so he paid the time. I didn't realize for a long time that they were in Boston.
bodybuilding was huge in the 70's and 80's and still is today, but I remember it was such a fad then
I agree, people are smarter and of course more info is available through the internet. There are tons of herbal tonics and powders to increase strength and stamina now
I am not sure now days but in Ancient Greece bodybuilders were advised to eat lots of meat and drink lots of wine, not sure that is best today
in the early 1900's there was a man names Eugen Sandow, was very much an advocate for use of dietary control to enhance muscle growth
Yes, we now have the DSHEA they are responsible for determining safety for taking dietary suppliments, which was not in place back then
is that the sport where you use a bowl to propel arrows at a target ?
well the compsite bows are the traditional bows that are made from horn, wood and sinew laminated together.
the oldest signs of its use in Europe come from the north of hamburg, germany and dates from about 10,000-9,000 B.C.
yea its mainly a competivite sport and recreational activity
yes and historically it has been used for hunting and combat
 Pacioli established accounting in 1494 if I remember correctly ha. I work in healthcare
I have an administrative role at a non-profit hospital
I work in obtaining funding for the hospital. What type of accounting do you do?
Lee had major impacts in the field of cost accounting
 My mistake. Nicholson. J. Lee Nicholson was an educator at Columbia 
I do not like when the kernel ruptures and forcefully expands.
I am not sure but the popcorn puffs 20 to 50 times its original kernel.
There are six major types of corn.
Dent corn, flint corn, pod corn, popcorn, flour corn and sweet corn. I like none of them.
Yes, I love to listen his music. He was not just a singer, he was an actor too.
Have you heard of Jailhouse Rock 1957? Elvis's career as a singer  began there in 1954.
Yes, but he also have a song Jailhouse Rock, it was a very big hit for Elvis.
I love that song too, also "Heartbreak Hotel", this song was released in 1956 and it was number one hit in the United States.
It's a sport, especially a UK thing.People go  hunting  for ducks, geese, or other waterfowl for food and sport.
Anything comfortable, it's usually done allowed in places like USA but its an outdoor activity
It is done using conventional hunting methods, so I think a dog might help
The easiest hunt would be waterfowl, so they are hunted where they eat their food and near water, river or pond
The hunting is done with Shotguns and have started many years ago.So daytime would be best
It took seven years of training to get that steady hand. And that's after med school.
Well, it\'s not called "brain surgery" for nothing.
Well, I performed in the hit song Yeah a couple years ago with Usher.
Dog training is essentially a method to modify a dogs behavior. 
Well, what type of dog do you have? Household pets are totally trainable. 
A small breed I see.  This dog will need lots of interaction with while dog training. 
Your dog is going to learn best in his current tormentor. You'll need to repeat good training interactions over and over.
You'll do well. Consistency is key.  Communication and reinforcement will make it happen.
Thank you for sharing. I\'m sorry to hear that. It sounds like you have the metaphorical "broken heart"... with all that intense emotional, maybe even physical, stress and pain you\'re probably feeling.
It what makes you a part of the human race, having those feelings.. it\'s a cross-cultural concept that\'s been around for at least 3,000 years when talking about losing someone you desire, or who you loved. Time heals all wounds, as they say. But there is such a thing as "broken heart syndrome," where physical damage happens to the heart. You should monitor yourself closely if you don\'t start feeling better with time.
Well.. take some positive stock in what you\'re feeling. That emotional pain you\'re feeling from your broken heart--not only is it natural, but it\'s believed to be part of the survival instinct. Your body wants you to maintain your close social relationships, and you feel pain when they\'re lost. It\'s classic "social-attachment system" theory. You\'re human!
Haha. Good point. Well, like I've been trying to say, it's a universal concept, and many cultures use the same word to describe the physical pain and feelings that come with their relationship loss. Throughout time, they made it through okay, and I'm sure you will, too.
We still haven't narrowed don the neurological processes involved, funny enough, of how we view heartache. But at least we know it involves  involve the anterior cingulate cortex of the brain, which during stress may overstimulate the vagus nerve causing pain, nausea or muscle tightness in the chest. So, just monitor the symptoms.
Yes of course. Are you interested in water skiing. An individual is pulled behind a boat.
Very good.Skurfing as a sport has two common forms: water skufing and street skurfing
Its a goos sport. The skurfer is towed behind a motorboat at planning speed with two rope
Yes buddy, It is kiting activity there a person is towed behind a vehicle
Discovery is an American cable channel that has Science and Nature based shows on it. Do you like tv shows like that?
Discovery Channel runs shows like "unsolved history" and "deadliest catch." Some are reality shows. Do you like reality Tv?
No,I don\'t think so. The reality shows are mostly "trash tv." You could learn a lot from other shows on Discovery, though! What type of TV shows do you watch most?
Reality TV can be very entertaining but definitely not cerebral! 
I know there is a show called American Pickers that is like that, however, that is on History channel.
Not now, but I did when I was young. Its the smallest breed of dog and is named after the state of Chihuahua, Mexico.
I had a beagle mix that died. The dog was the first to be domesticated and has been bred for a millenia for vaious capabilities.
It's a small breed that came from Germany I believe. They are really cute.
The German pinscher is another type that is near the Dobermann, Rottweiler too I think.
They are usually medium to large or larger, that's for sure.
There are many different Bodybuilding supplements. Before there were supplements the ancient greeks would just consume massive amounts of meats.
One of the first persons to use Bodybuilding supplement was Eugen Sandow. in the 1910s. He advocated dietary control for muscle growth.
It depends on goals. In 1994, Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act went into effect in the USA to monitor Bodybuilding supplement
Well now that the DSHEA went into effect, Bodybuilding supplement no longer have to go through the FDA before distributing the product.
Neither am I, but football is so popular in the United States and Canada.
Yep, football is really popular in Canada.
I'm pretty sure the NFL is global. Football is a team sport played by eleven players.
He was from Tupelo Mississippi, and moved to Memphis Tennessee at age 13
Yes, many of them! He is one of the most famous recording artists of all time with many chart-topping records
Colonel Tom Parker, who managed him for over 20 years
I think colonel was somewhat of a fake title. He was actually named Andreas Cornelis van Kuijk
I had no idea that there was an audio series, Jim Dale sounds like he must have a great voice and presence.  Have you heard of the legal disputes that Rowling has with others?  (I'm not!)
It's basically Rowling and publisher going after folks trying to profit off of their work (e.g., writing unauthorized sequels, etc).  Sadly it's a real thing!  There are a lot of copycats and plagiarists out there.
Probably better not to make a fuss.  But I think she spent a lot of time coming up with Harry Potter, so anyone trying to piggyback will face issues!  Amazed how she came up with the story for Harry Potter - on a train!
Well it is supposedly invented by Joe Sheridan who was the head chef at an airport resurant. He gave travelers coffee with whisky to warm them up
Well it was brought to the US by Stanton Delaplane who drank it too much and passed out one night. 
Not much really. Its a rather broad term used to refer to any alcoholic coffee drink. 
Yes it is. Do you know much about  the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire, which became the largest contiguous empire in history after his death.
Very interesting, his strategy was by uniting all the  nomadic tribes of  Northeast Asia
Of course, to become the greatest in the region  he launched the Mongol invasions that conquered most of Eurasia.
His invasions reached modern-day China, Korea, the Caucasus, Central Asia, and substantial portions of Eastern Europe and Southwest Asia.
Sweet. does it  buttons? because I like the ones that have buttons
Cotton? But modern and trendy ones  these days have  no buttons and hangs open by design. 
Nice,do you know that a cardigan is not a pullover?  as a pullover does not open in front but must be "pulled over" the head to be worn.
A hoodies should be a pullover. Anyways a cardigan can  be  machine- or hand-knitted.
A breakup and emotional pain
No but the emotional pain can cause physical damage to the heart
No broken heart concept is universal in all cultures
Suffer with the physical and emotional feelings associated with loss I guees
Rap evolved out of the hip hop genre which was developed in the 1970s in the Bronx.
While I also love Eminem, particulalry his 2000s work, I prefer Childish Gambino's current take on American social issues within his music.
I discovered Lil Kim through the album "Conspiracy" which was developed by the group Junior M.A.F.I.A.
My favorite rap song is by J Cole called "Lost Ones." I think he levies a lot of emotional weight with that song, but it carries nicely.
That's true about the NFL.  College football is actually how American Football rules first gained popularity in the US
That's true.  College football is generally thought of as 2nd tier American football - one step ahead of High School but a step below professional. 
And Football can actually be traced to early versions of rugby and association football.  Video games are insane.  I don't know much about the draft pick games. 
Hello! I love the walking dead. Did you also read the comics?
Oh I see. Who's your favorite character on the show? Mine is the lead, Rick Grimes.
Daryl is indeed awesome. I also like Michone, it creeped me out when I learned that she was carrying her zombified boyfriend around though!
Yes I felt like it dragged too much also. In my opinion the show has already peaked, they should consider canceling it..
Yes that would be the best. Have you been watching from the beginning or you picked it up later?
Yup! They are an American rock band from California. Personally, I also love Welcome to the Jungle :=)
Yea, they've releases 6 studio albums with more than 100 million record sales worldwidE!
Slash is like...a legend lol. EVERYBODY knows him.
Yea, and Sweet Child 'O Mine reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100!
Ireland is comprised of relatively low-lying mountains surrounding a central plain, with several navigable rivers extending inland.
Oh yes, Ireland has lush vegetation which is a product of its mild but changeable climate which is free of extremes in temperature.
I'm not sure, but maybe fairies are one of the twenty-six extant mammal species native to Ireland.
Well, Ireland has humans. In fact the the population of humans in Ireland was about 6.6 million, ranking it the second-most populous island in Europe after Great Britain.
You'll have a great time in Ireland, the third-largest island in Europe.
I didn't know that! He was born in 1935 and died in 1977 though.
Well his music career really started in 1954 at Sun Records, where he wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.
I think one of my favorites of his was "Heartbreak Hotel" from back in January 1956.
I really like it! I especially like using Instagram. You know that internet based photo sharing application that allows everyone to share photos and videos publicly?
Yeah! It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger and they launched it in 2010 as a free app exclusively for the IOS platform.
Totally! But 2 years they they opened it up to other devises like Android, and Windows. :)
I think it is probably one of the most popular apps in the world for sure! It is also owned by Facebook, the super giant of all apps. 
Yes that is a great service they offer. Users can connect their accounts to any social media profiles they have so that they can share photos and videos there as well. I guess that is why they are so successful. It is really user friendly!
Meh. (Not to yuck your yum!) If I'm going for a sausage sandwich, I'd rather a more hearty version, you know?
*Exactly*. Quality counts! I do remember loving chili dogs as a kid -- chili, cheese...but no onions!
Ha! You are in good company there! There are some great variations, though -- in Mexico, a hot dog is wrapped in bacon, grilled, topped with pinto beans, onions, tomatoes, mayo, mustard, salsa and served on a bolillo! Sound good?!
Here\'s one that *might* not appeal -- a "reindeer dog" made of caribou meat in Alaska!
Well, I'm pretty bad at it, but the main idea is that the target is to knock over pins at the end of the lane by throwing/rolling the ball.
You would do it with your hand/arm - it's one of the major forms of throwing sports - much like shot-put
I think there are professional players that use a glove, but I'm reallly not sure. Those guys bowl strikes where all the pins are knocked down at once.
A.F  which uses 11-player teams, is the form played in the United States and the best known form worldwide
Don't get it twisted! Conventional football is different from A.F,called soccer in the US .is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end. 
Another type of sport ,like the A.F is thecommonly known in most of the world as rugby, is a contact team sport which originated in England. 
Yeah,tnx for the time though.Hope you learnt some stuff on A.F,next time we'll discuss Ice hockey
Sounds like you may have a broken heart, or intense emotional and sometimes physical stress or pain one feels at experiencing great longing. I'm so sorry.
The pain of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct. It will get better with time.
I know it feels that way now. But it does get better. Heartbreak actually dates back at least 3000 years. Many people experience it at some point.
Interestingly, it's our body's fault that we feel this way. The social attachment system uses pain to encourage humans to maintain their close relationships by causing pain when those relationships are lost.
Sadly, nothing I could say would make you feel better. I suggest trying things to get your mind off it. Good luck to you.
Interesting. I hear that you use a bow to propel arrows in the sport of archery.
I hear composite bows take a long time to make, but they are strong and good for hunting
I know there's a thing called a crossbow that shoots bolts and quarrels
Very similar to a bow and arrow set. The earliest crossbows were found in China
Well not all hunting is about killing you can usually just trap the animal, or track them with the intent of doing so. And then release them. 
Well most hunters like to use a special device to remotely catch an animal like an electronically controlled cage trap. People trap them not to be cruel but to relocate them somewhere else. 
Indeed, I never condone animal cruelty, And if I take a shot I always do it right and make it an instant death, the meat is never wasted, We eat all of it. 
Me either. I would only be willing to try it for its most common purposes, food or removing dangerous predators.
Yes, that's also a very common practice. Another common use is pest control.
I'm sure it has too. That's probably why excessive hunting of some species has led to endangerment and extinction. Now, however, they have laws in place to protect some animals.
Not completely exterminated. They almost became extinct though, but it was a combination of hunting and disease. Thanks to parks and reserves, populations are increasing.
A lot of herbal concoctions were used to help with strength and stamina.
I'm not really sure. Bodybuilding has been around for a long time. Eugen Sandow was the first in the West.
He didn't want to go into the military so he traveled and became a circus athlete.
Theres a species of stingless bees, so they woul;d be safe for you; i'm not sure where to find them.
My eight month old daughter picked up a hairy bumblebee the other day and it stung her palm, I was so upset.
You probably had to  go to the hospital after being stung. Too bad the bumblebee from Transformers couldn't have driven you.
Optimus Prime has to be the best transformer. The new movies with Shia LaBeouf were excellent.
Michael Bay directed the one with Shia and I prefer Mark Wahlberg as an actor. I wonder why they switched actors like that.
I do, and I love it with mustard, and sauerkraut!
And the variation! Different meats, condiments, and so many ways of preparing it!
I think everything pretty much right out of a barbecue. Like  my burgers!
I can't believe those people that eat it with no buns! It's not the same. Especially a home made bun or roll.
Ever tried Hot Cross buns? They're mostly popular in UK, Australia, New Zealand, especially during holidays.
Motivation can also repeat itself. It is ones way to behavior. Its what causes the repeating of a certain behavior.
You need to find a motive for motivation. A motive prompts someone to act a certain way. 
Sure. Motivation is also a word that is part of pop culture. This is according to Maehr and Meyer.
They study motivation. Dopamine plays integral part in motivation. It increases a rewarding stimulus associated with the "wanting behavior".
Ive never been a huge fan, but my boyfriend likes it. Its an american horror show on AMC
It has been around for a while. It started airing on halloween 2010. It also shows internatioanlly on fox
rick grimes is just a fictional character who plays the sheriff
what is that about? alot of walking dead fans are between the ages of 18-49.
I think that is really awesome! At first I didnt know this, but they are a Canadian band! From Alberta!
Yes I know, teen girls went crazy, including me, I grew up listening to them. They sold more then 50 million albums worldwide!
Thats funny! Is that her favorite band? Whats her favorite song by them? Mine is "How you remind me" which was also the best selling song of the decade in the rock genre
It sure was! It seems so long ago, but they formed in 1995. I was only one. Haha!
Oh wow, now? My style has changed a bit since the Nickelback craze so I would have to say The Zack Brown Band!
Yes, of course  It is one of the major forms of throwing sports i play once a week
well, there is darts i don't know many throwing sports other than bowling which is my favorite
yes, i compete in my local city for small prices and i play for free at my local bowling place
All you need to do is practice your wrist technique and after a while you will get it
One more quick fact if you get 12 strikes in a row you will get a perfect score of 300
Yeah! Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century,.
More so, he is often referred to as the "King of Rock and Roll" or simply "the King".
Interestingly,His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips
Not very much ! Presley\'s first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel", was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit
Green is the color between blue and the color yellow. I tis on the visible spectrum.
It is evoked in light which has a dominate wavelength that measure of 495570 NM.hat 
Many creatures have learned to change their green to their environments by adopting green hues themselves and camouflage.
It is also a long history tradition  as the Ireland and Gaelic culture.
Yes, me too! I also love Canadian National Parks, which are protected
Have you ever visited a National Park? I have visited Banff in Canada, the first National Park
What area did you visit?I have been Yellowstone a few times, it is actually in three states, Wyoming,Idaho, and Montana
Yes, Bnaff National Park is in the Rocky Mountains, there is also glaciers at times, I never saw a polar bear though,ha!
They sure would! Most are in the Artic Circle and other nearby land masses
First with history, training dogs goes all the way back to Roman times at least.
Well that brings up an interesting point, our cute little house dogs did not arrive till about the 1950s due to suburbanization where we wanted to train dogs to be good household pets.
Absolutely, listen a dog learns from his interactions with their environment and a human creates that environment. So if the dog isn't well trained its the humans to blame.
Sure, that is a form of classical conditioning where the dog learns to associate between two stimuli. Treat for an desired action.
They perform rock music they have a lead vocalist who is my favorite Chad and as guitarist and drummer of course.
Their most famous song was a top Billboard it is called How You Remind Me a good classic rock song.
That was in the early 2000s from their album released called The State which was also a mainstream success.
well the roots of American football can be traced back to rugby 
both games have a lot of similarities, basically running or kicking a ball over a goal line but you are right, the forward pass is unique
true. playing defense and offense in football have special positions on each so in that regard there are tons of substitutions
I think a big difference is the play after a tackle. in football, the play stops completely and the offense retains the ball. in rugby the play just goes on after a tackle, usually with a ruck. 
Lol me too! What's your favorite online store?
Amazon as well. I also shop a lot online at Old Navy and Gap. They have great sales.
Do you use Amazon Kindle, the series of e-readers designed and marketed by Amazon.
I use the Fire and it's sooo cool. It has a color 7-inch multi-touch display with IPS technology and running a custom version of Google's Android operating system called Fire OS.
I am too. No matter how you cook it, I won't eat it. Grill it or steam it or call it a frankfurter. Not going to eat it. I watched how they made them one time.
They basically grind all this meat and fat and bones and all kind of animal pieces. Bleck. They started becoming popular because of baseball. They are actually a Class 1A carcinogen-cancer causer.
Really?  Wow, not many people know about processed meat causing cancer.  I follow veganism also!  I just started a few months ago! Its such a high nutrition diet that we'll live forever!
Don't do it!  You'll increase your risk for heart attack so quickly!  You're doing great!  There's definitely a psychology to eating meat.  Vry complex combination of morality, emotions, congnition, and personality but research nutrition and you can make the right choice.
Have you tried a vegan hot dog?  They are yummy!  What are your favorite toppings for something like that?  There is such a variety of condiments and everything differs based on where you live, I find.  
Good, I was was listening to music, Elvis, my favorite artist
HE is so great, he career started in 1954. 
It is the destiny of a lot of artists, but you have to give him credit for the popularisation of Rock'n Roll
BUt He was not alone, he had a group, his guitarist was Scotty Moore
 there are 7 families of bees with 20.000 known speices
No I don't know and not all bees sting. There are honeybees. bumblebees that live in colonies
Yes bees feed on nectar and pollen its their energy source
The various species of bees can really rage in size too
Megachile pluto is the largest species of bee
Snowflakes are formed by the attraction of super-cooled water to a particle.
The differences in temperature and humidity are reaponsible for creating all the different patterns.
Some people even use human clothing to dress their snowmen.
Ide skating can be great because it is good for leisure and exercise.
The name was coined in 1992.
Sorry my mistake, the Goldendoodle was first bred by Monica Dickens in 1969.
Well, the  purpose of the cross breeding them  was to develop guide dogs suitable for visually impaired individuals with allergies.
I'm somewhat of a fan, but not as much as other football fans that I know over here in America.
Too many to count honestly. In each game, though, there is two teams of eleven players.
Well points are scored by getting the ball into the opposing team's end zone.
You can also score them by kicking the ball through the other team's goalposts.
Do you like cross-country skiing? I know some people still use it as a means of transportation
I bet they do! The word Skiing actually comes from Old Norse word Skio which means "Split piece of wood or firewood"
They do! I just learned recently that early skiers used one long pole or spear, not two!
I have no clue :) people started using 2 poles in 1741
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels 
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School 
Not really.  The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, 
Since the release of the first novel, "Harry Potter and the Philosopher\'s Stone", on 26 June 1997, the books have found immense popularity, 
many creatures have adapted to their green environments by making themselves green
minerals are green often as well too, like emerald 
emerald is a cyclosilicate, it reminds me of my favorite game, pokemon emerald!
it added new feature like double battles, 135 new pokemon and abilities
it is very popular, as of 2017, more than 300 million pokemon games have been sold worldwide
Please stay motivated because it is the sole purpose for your desires and needs. 
Set a personal goal like losing weight.
You have to want it. Dopamine in the brain is released when activating "seeking" behavior".
I have no idea, but "wanting behavior" can be increased with dopaminergic drugs in the nucleus.
Please do because Motivation will lead you to want to repeat a behavior. Making you more likely to achieve positive outcomes.
yes, is an activity the cheerleader cheer for their team as a form of encouragement
yes, cheerleading do more of physical activity.
i like it because they motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.
yes, they dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.
do you know that cheerleading originated from US
Yeah ! Remember back then,we do encourage our college basketball team to success.
That part where we chant slogans and engage in other  intense physical activity.
Yeah I loved the components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.
Was cheerleading a scientific invention? As far as I know it originated in the United States, an  
And it's amazing how it can help with areas that affect not only the brain, but spinal cord, peripheral nerves and extra-cranial cerebrovascular system, so amazing!
Very true, and luckily in most countries, a neurosurgeon has to have at least 7 more years of training, even after medical school. So, at least it gives one some confidence in their ability.
That's true. But, think about a lobotomy! Due to all the dangerous serious side effects, that would be dang scary to me!
Yes, and even though some consider it a part of neurosurgery, it has been very controversial from it's beginning, and I can see why!
oh i love green eyes .. the color green is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of rougly 495570nm
yea well in subtractive color systems, it is used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue
the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical engery
I love winter because I live in south Florida! It is definitely our coldest season of the year!
If we get a cold front, we might see temperatures in the 40s, but usually it's in the 60s. Winter doesn't occur in the tropical zones of the Earth, and we are very close to that zone.
I grew up in Pittsburgh, so I know below freezing temperatures well!! We used to get so much snow in the winter that we couldn't leave the house. Snow is pretty, but I don't miss it!
Yes, a white Christmas is really a treasure! Do you find yourself wishing it was winter in the autumn, and then in the middle of winter you're wishing for spring? I remember often feeling like that!
The humidity definitely takes getting used to! If you love winter, you can always experience it year round! You can go to the Southern Hemisphere when it's summer where you live, it will be winter there!
i have never been particularly good, i'm normally luck to hit 1 pin ha 
i think the bowling world cup fi
haha, i'm pretty sure the bowling world cup began in 1965, which is pretty cool with the amount of countries which enter
it certainly give the football world cup competition for the amount of countries which participate. 
I suppose you bowling is more like weightlifting then. The heavier the ball the more pins will topple. 
I've never really had the cross cultural concept of lost love. I've never had a girlfriend lol./
I don't know I'm a really weird guy to be honest. I feel emotional pain and can understand a broken heart can be severe.
Yeah it's crazy how it's universal and so many cultures experience a relationship loss.
Yeah i hear the emotional pain is a survival instinct. 
Do you like to take and share pictures with people? Instagram is an Internet-based photo sharing application and service that does just that and you can share it with your friends or with the entire world!
Before, Instagram used to only be on iOS, but now it can be used on Android devices as well as Windows. So really you have many ways to access it.
Well you could connect your account to other social media profiles, so that your photos are shared on all platforms all at once.
Hashtags are widely used by the Instagram crowd. It can be used to link photos to other content on Instagram of the same subject or topic.
Hunting wildlife is primarily done by humans for food and recreation. I don't think its acceptable to hunt for recreation at all.
There is a distinction between lawful hunting and poaching. Poaching is illegal.
I agree. Some people refer to hunting as a form of pest control! Can you believe that?!
I'm glad to see there are others out there who feel like I do!
Yes I would actually. I started reading one of the books. It's about a young wizard at Hogwarts, right?
Correct! I think he is born that way, and then later goes to Hogwarts to study Wizadry and better develop his powers.
Ah you mean Hermione and Ron Weasley. Even though Harry is the main character, he wouldn't be great without them I think!
The main plot is Harry's struggle with Lord Voldermort. He's a dark wizard out to get all wizards and Muggles.
I do too, he is Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.
Can't help falling in love is my favorite song from Elvis.
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee with his family when he was at the age of 13.
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records, it is really amazing
I m talking about the hunting the animals. the species that are hunted are referred to a game
I will hunting fish is my hobby. Caputure for food of fish is called fishing
It is not hunting . It is called fishing. And also I like to hunt birds.
A cardigan is a type of knitted sweater, with an open front. How many do you own?
They are! not too hot and not too cold, commonly they have buttons, a cardigan that is tied is referred to as a robe. 
Yeah they also have pullovers which do not open in the front but must be pulled over the head when worn.
They are very popular but not as popular as the cardigan, which was modeled after the knitted wool waistcoat that british officers used to wear.
Some hunt for sport, food or predator control, I deer hunt for food
I hunt yearly and illegal trapping or hunting is called poaching.
I also hunt to control pests like coyotes they attack and kill the cattle we raise
Yes often hunting is a important part of wildlife management coyotes will go after pets as well
Andrew Lincoln plays the show's lead character, and he's my favorite character!
I am sorry to hear that, I don't think things will end well from him due to opposing groups of survivors.
I can see why The Walking Dead premiered in the United States on October 31, 2010 and it has been a long time.
Yes as a result of very favorable Nielsen ratings, AMC has decided to keep renewing the show.
It is a cool sport actually!  You use the skill of using a bow to shoot arrows at targets (or people - - whichever)
Well if you consider that historically it's used for hunting and combat, people have been shot with arrows - I mean look at Hawkeye!  He's the ultimate archery master!
Of course now I guess we are more tame - lawd help us! But I guess it's politically correct now for it to be a competitive sport and recreational activity
You could always go with the spear-thrower to launch those projectiles!  Bows pretty much replaced them, but hey, sometimes the oldest are the best ya know!
Right!  I mean, as long as  you can protect yourself!  And make sure that your arrows are made of pine - because it's a bit softer and easier to carve into a super sharp point.
Yea, they are typically ordered in newest message first so their most recent post is always visible
Until 2009 they were usually made by individuals or small groups rarely
After 2010 multi author blogs became more popular and have the advantage of being proof read and professionally edited
Ever since the rise of microblogging sights like twitter we have a lot of individual every day people mix in with big mdeia and multi blog authors integrate
Yeah, I love the King of Rock and Roll. Is he your favorite musical artist?
He was a singer who skyrocketed rockabilly music into the charts worldwide, combining his singing with his band's talent.
One of his first singles, "Heartbreak Hotel", was a number one hit in the U.S. It was quite popular.
He did. "Heartbreak Hotel" won him a Platinum award, as well as multiple Grammy nominations.
He passed away on August 16th, 1977.
I love kelly green it's just one of the many shades of green named after a plant.
I love green on clothing. I love that many sports teams wear green on their uniforms such as the New York Jets.
I feel grey is a very boring color. It's even called achromatic meaning that it has no color.
Yes yellow can be a tough color. But it is also very happy reminding us of the sun.
Functional neurosurgery has aided the mentally ill, and continues to improve the lives of those suffering with various mental disorders.
Was she diagnosed as a child?  It is much easier to diagnose children, since the symptoms begin occurring early in life.
My first fellowship was in pediatric neurosurgery.  It is great that she is doing better.
Ben Carson, who ran for President, was a pediatric neurosurgeon. 
They formed in 1995 in Hanna,Alberta, Canada.
They have four members. They are Chad Kroeger, Ryan Peake, Mike Kroeger and Daniel Adair.
There best album by far is The State which was released in 2000.
I believe so. I know they released an album in 2001 called Silver Side Up.
Do you participate in competitive skiing?
Just make sure to bring two ski poles.
Back then it was easier for early skiers to remember to bring them because they only used one long pole.
Exactly, they didn't start using two poles until 1741.
Herbal protein shakes are the best if you want to increase strength and stamina. Athletes have been doing this since ancient times.
Eugen Sandow was the first modern bodybuilder in the west that started to suggest the use of dietary supplements to grow your muscles faster.
He was born in Kaliningrad, Russia and was the son of a German father and Russian mother.
Have you heard of bodybuilder Earle Liederman? He\'s the first guy that suggested people use "beef juice" so their muscles can recover faster.
I do bowl for a leisure activity, it is fun to roll the ball toward the target. 
I love when I knock down all the pins on the first try and I get a strike. 
I got a turkey once, when I got three strikes in a row. 
A few times I played differently with target variations where I tried to throw the ball close to the mark.
I use a ten pound ball, how about you?
Cool, do you hit the pins with this bowling ball?
Yea do you play on a wood structure or syntheic.
I once got a turkey in bowing. 3 consecutive strikes ina  row.
Yes but the four bagger is the toughest. 4 strikes in a row.
people usually hunt for food, recreation or to remove predators that are dangerous to humans
i just hate when people are poaching, which is illegal killing or trapping animals
that breaks my heart. excessive hunting has heavily contributed to the endangerment and extinction of many animals
Yes, his first bestseller "The Firm" sold more than 7 million copies!
Yes it was adapted into a film in 1993, starring Tom Cruise. He's had several books adapted into films
Other movies made from his books include "The Chamber" "The Rainmaker" and "A Time to Kill"
I believe he is still active. Also, he practiced law for about a decade
Probably. A lot of good authors seem to have that valuable life experience. He also served in the House of Representatives from 1984 to 1990
Green is well known as the color of Ireland and Gaelic culture. It is also my favorite color!
Chlorophyll is the reason why plants are green, it is also the chemical that converts sunlight into chemical energy.
Green is evoked by light, a dominant wavelength of about 495570 nm. It is between blue and yellow.
Creatures adapt to their environment, taking on a green hue to help camouflage into their environment.
Many creatures blend in for survival purposes. My favorite mineral is also green, the emerald, due to chromium content.
I do bowl occassionally.  You really want to try to get as many pins knocked down as possible.
Curving the ball is hard.  It requires you put a spin on the ball by turning your wrist.
I don't know the name of who invented bowling, but it's definately one of the oldest throwing sports.
It is.  I know it's played in Canada, but for sure it is played across the world.
car racing is a motor sport involving the racing of cars for competition
Yes and specialist racing started around the 1930's
Oh yes there are many, numerous categories and each has different regulations and rules
The first race was the Le Petit Journal, Paris in 1894
Have you interetesed in black friday shopping
ok buddy. I like online shopping in amzon what is your favourite
Ok, Are you hear about online shopping mall. Its a system enabling retailers to sell in one portal
Well, accounting is called the "language of business" and it measures the results of a company\'s economic activities.
It's a lot of data. Financial accounting focuses on all aspects of a company's financial info. It deals with preparation of financial statements and analysis. 
Are you thinking about becoming an accountant? There are many types including financial, management, tax, cost and external accounting. 
That would be good! To be licensed, you'll have to complete a certification exam, so make sure you study!
It's a great field! Accounting has been around since 1494 when Luca Pacioli established accounting. At least you know you will always be needed!
well, sometimes you gotta pay your medical bills! it's not easy for healthcare providers...they have to submit claims in order to get payment!
yep, which is where there is such a debate about healthcare reform in the US. people want more medical coverage for less
well, unfortunately for you and others, since Trump has been elected he wants to repeal Obamacare, which was a step in the right direction for a second there
yeah, that sounds pretty simple. kind of like how medical billing was pretty simple for years, done entirely on paper!
Yes, It was made by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010
It should be in the millions, initially it was  a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.
 Facebook owns it.
Emotional pain that is severe can cause broken heart syndrome which includes physical damage to the heart.
Yes. LOL. it is different. The emotional pain of broken heart is also believed to be linked o a persons survival instinct.
The notion is a cross cultural which can be cited and referenced to desired or lost lover and goes back almost 3,000 years.
Many cultures use the same words to describe both physical pain and feelings that can be connected with relationship loss.
Water skiing is my preferred type of skiing! I love being out on the water.
I'm not sure if I ever heard of skiing on only one ski, but I do know there is Asymmetrical skis that were used until 19th century Sweden.
While modern skiing evolved from Scandinavia, we think it was practiced more than 100 centuries ago in what we now call China.
The word "ski" comes from "sk\xc3\xad\xc3\xb0" which means "split piece of wood" in old Norse.
yea me too i like the godendoodle which is a cross-breed dog
hah well its actually a cross-breed where they breed a golden retriever with a poddle
yea well they coined the term labradoodle in 1992 which is what they call them
yea the popularity for the goldendoodle grew in the 1990s when breeders in north america and australia began crossing golden retrievers with standard poodles
Accounting is the measuring, processing, and communication of financial information about businesses and corporations. What makes you interested in it?
Do you want to go into financial accounting, management accounting, tax accounting, or cost accounting?
It's a good career to have, and it's been around for a long time. It was first established in 1494 by an Italian mathematician 
His name was Luca Pacioli.
He was also a Franciscan friar and had collaborated with Leonardo da Vinci.
No I have never been there but I would love to visit this island in the North Atlantic. I agree that it looks beautiful!
The geography is mostly low lying mountains which surround a central plain and many rivers extending inland.
I'm not sure about the rivers but the island has a very lush vegetation which is a product of its mild and changeable climate which usually has no extreme temperatures.
Well for one thing, Ireland is the third largest island located in Europe! I hope to visit there one day!
Ah so you must live in Atlanta or Alexandria?
Cool! It has been on since 2010. Still currently on, but I really think it should have ended a while ago.
It its third season, it was the most watched cable show in the 18-49 year group.
Nielsen ratings rank the show very high for a cable series.
not sure but the Goldendoodle is a golden retriever mixed with a poodle
the Goldendoodle is a super friendly dog breed, Goldens are the nicest dogs ever
poodle and poodle cross breeds can be quite expensive so a Goldendoodle would probs run hundreds to a thousand maybe
a normal Golden would be great
I've never gone but I really enjoy watching it at the Olympics. There are actually different kinds of skiing too!
Well slolum sking as well as the biathalon are two skiing events that I really like!
Well it's a sport that combines cross-country sking and riffle shooting. 
Yeah it actually reflects the skiing traditions in Scandinavia where the God Ullr is both the god of skiing and hunting.
The Canadian rock band, really? how so? I 've hear their music but don't know much else about them
Dad, I really liked their song "How you remind me" that was listed as best selling song of the decade, what about you?
Sorry it was sad nor dad before. I still listen to the album "silver side up" in my ipod once in a while
I;am not sure,  haven;t heard recently,  I have to check in apple music
Yes, another band recently rediscovered by me in itunes radio was Matchbox 20
Really? Have you ever tried fish protein powder? Sounds gross, but its made for humans to drink.
I'm not sure? I do know it is put through a vigorous sanitation process.  It has to meet certain purity and functional aspects to be considered food grade.
I wish I knew more to tell you.  Sustainable sanitation has to meet certain aspects and work well over time.  I'm sure, if it is held to that standard, that it is well made.
My main advice is to drink plenty of water.  It sounds silly, but muscle is made up of a lot of water, so drinking plenty is important.  Thank goodness we are in the US! In the Philippines, they have to get their water from rivers, lakes and ground water!
It fluctuates because healthcare providers submit and follow up on claims with the insurance companies to get their payment.
Most of it's handled by the computer now. Medical billers are encouraged but not required to become certified. Most that do know a lot of the codes.
A little of both. The ones that want advancement can do coding, transcription or auditing. 
I like coding. Luckily, I do it now and not a decade ago. The medical billing was done almost entirely on paper.
Yes and the chlorophyll in plants makes them all be green!  
In the Middle Ages green was associated with merchants and bankers
It is where light has a wavelength of 495570 nm
I love it too! Animals who've adapted to camaflouge is always fascinating! 
Lizards, frogs, snakes and all kinds of insects. 
It is and science has proven this. Frogs are a favorite. They can thrive anywhere. 
No and they can change color. Over 4,800 recorded species of amphibians. 
Frogs are diverse and largely carnivorous and adults have no tails. 
most people dont know this but Green is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.
In the middle ages green was the color of merchants and bankers while red was only worn my royalty.
Yeah and it also has a long history with Irish and Gaelic culture.
yes it absolutely is, it is the second largest island in the British Isles and has many mountains and hills!
Yes I went there last year and got to see relatively low-lying mountains surrounding a central plain
I would highly suggest you go!  The island has lush vegetation that makes you relax and forget about all problems!
I do like American football, or gridiron football. It is fun to watch.
I like the Colts because I'm originally from Indiana. 
Not too upset. My favorite player has always been Peyton Manning. He is one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time!
No, I didn't hear about that. It wouldn't matter to me much anyways, after 14 seasons with the Colts, he does no wrong in my eyes.
Me too! I may visit Indianapolis, Indiana sometime soon to see them in person!
He was born born June 17, 1987
He was raised in Compton, California, Lamar embarked on his musical career as a teenager under the stage name K-Dot
His  first retail release for public is titled , "Overly Dedicated".
His debut single is called  "HiiiPoWeR".
It's the best place in New York to pick up candy!
Yes! And beautiful too. I almost feel bad eating them - like little works of art.
The store in Los Angeles is huge. Hoping we get to visit the one in Chicago while we're up for Thanksgiving. 
You'll have to check next time there's one nearby. Sometimes they shut the store down to file TV shows. 
Yes! And sometimes you run into celebrities - I saw Katie Holmes there buying lolipops with Suri last year.
Definitely Elvis Aaron Presley was a great musician and actor.
Sure. I believe the "King of Rock and Roll" is dead. He is a huge cultural icon of the 20th century.
Elvis Presely was born in the city of Tupelo in Mississippi but relocated to Tennessee when he was 13. 
Elvis Presley began his music career recording at Sun Record in 1954.
Elvis Presley also pioneered a genre f rock music labeled Rockabilly.
You might be interested in driving the Dodge Viper, which has 75% or more of its parts manufactured in the US.
They might, and they also tend to build better roads, like the A1 motorway in romania, which will connect Bucharest with the Banat and Crisana regions.
It's interesting, and I always liked that it was held over Memorial Day weekend.
Did you see the victory lane bottle of milk tradition?
I like the song "Back Home Again in Indiana" that they play.
Many universities in Australia have distinctive clothes.
Cheerleading includes activities such as chanting mottoes and very intense physical activity.
Cheerleading started in the US. It's mostly an American sport.
The first National Cheerleading Competition was held in 2006.
I've never been involved in cheerleading, but I've always admired the sport. Memorizing chants and the intense activity doesn't look easy.
I totally agree. Did you ever participate in competitions? If so, what was it like?
I love cheerleading competition movies. Bring It On is a classic.
Same here. I actually didn't know about the nation-wide competitions until those films started releasing in the late 90's-00's. 
I'm not sure about today, but in the late 90's, ESPN broadcasted the International cheerleading competition. 
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and then to memphis
Heartbreak Hotel was a number one hit in the USA
he was very successful, chart topping records, television appearances
Yes, I love throwing sports. 
If you get 12 strikes you can get a 300. Do you think you can ever get that?
Maybe try bumper bowling. Have you ever gotten a Turkey which is three consecutive strikes
So getting a hambone is way out of the question. It's four consecutive strikes.
Nope, very few people can do that. Do you play nine pin or ten pin? 
The Golden doodle is a cross breed dog
The golden doodle was first bred by monica dickens in 1969
No.Poodles are considered to be hypoallergenic 
Yes. Their coats do not shed which reduces dander
Dander is the protein that sheds from the skin and causes allergies in humans
Tell him I said hi! Henry's job was first started by a mathmetician named Luca Pacioli in 1494!
Sometimes accounting is known as financial reporting.
Well it can be divided into several fields like financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, and cost accounting.
Insane Clown Posse performed Insane In The Membrane! They were founded in Detroit in 1989.
Juggalos have been classified as a criminal street gang these days!
Yes I love him!  JK Rowling did a great job writing the books
Yes she wrote all of them - and they have sold more than 400 million copies!
Yes it is the best selling book in history - in 73 languages!
I am not sure but I know Harry, Hermione and Ron are beloved by people worldwide
Dylans candy bar is a chain in New York and Miami, ever been there?
Not a candy bar its a store with locations in Hamptons, Los Angeles, Chicago 
Dylan Lauren, Ralph Laurens daughter owns it
Its meant to be the largest unique candy store in the world!
Yes Dylan Lauren wanted to blend fashion, pop candy and art
i love that show, The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series .
i liked glenn.... it was developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman.
yeah i think Andrew Lincoln plays the show's lead character. if i recall
i did not know that. Together they struggle to survive and adapt in a post-apocalyptic world.
yeah it will be neat.  Much of the series takes place in and around Atlanta, Georgia still today i think
I thought so too after the first seasons. Andrew Lincoln plays Rick Grimes, who leads a group of survivors.
Yes Grimes' character suffered a lot, especially when he lost his wife during childbirth. He is the glue that holds the show together.
It sure created a lot of difficulties for them. Baby Judith is now older so it should be easier for them. Walking Dead is popular for 18 to 49 year old viewers
Its simply using two poles and ski boards to move quickly down ice, skiing has a five millennia history
Yea wven with a long history of five millennia it still seems scary and dangerous to ski
Yea skiing does not seem to be the winter sport for me
Well he initially came to power by bringing together the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia. Have you ever been there?
So after creating the empire, he began massive invasions that conquered a large part of Eurasia.
He does have quite the reputation. By the time his life ended, he Mongol Empire contained most of Central Asia and China. It was quite an amazing feat!
Finally he dies in 1227 when he finished defeating Western Xia. Amazing right?
It is created by combining yellow and blue
I do like green but pink is my favorite.  do you like the emerald which is obviously green in color?
I read that in the middle ages green was the color associated with merchants, bankers, and gentry while red was for nobility
Dogs in general are so cute, it is crazy to me that they evolved from extant gray wolves, as wolves are so much different, it is hard to believe they are ancestors
Yeah, while the origins of dogs are not really clear, it is clear humans had a role in that process, which amazes me, as we have created so many different and varying breeds of dogs
And on the flip side, people used to hunt wolves, such as gray wolves, which seems a lot more dangerous to me!
Hi, Do you li ke sk  iing.It's been around for almost five thousand years. 
It's not just for recreeation, it is also done for competition and for transporting activities.
The word comes from Old Norse word skio and mean split wood or firewood.
Don't really have one. The first skier on two poles dates back to 1741 I believe.
Cross country skiing is interesting, where the skier relies on their own locomotion to move across snow covered terrain
Tenpin bowling which is the most common game of bowling is when you roll a bowling ball down a wood structure or synthetic land swords ten pins positioned at the end of the lane. 
Yes, you want to hit all the pins down, when you do this, it is called a strike. 
i am not sure where it originated from but I do know that people play in tournaments all around the world. it is a hobby for most. 
Where do I begin. He is a bestselling writer, attorney and politician. He's best known for is great legal thrillers.
His very first  novel, "A Time to Kill" was published in June of 1989, 4 years after he started writing it.
No, he went to law school and he practiced criminal law for about 10 years and then served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi for 6 years.
He has nine novels that have been made into movies so if you don\'t want to read them all, you can buy the DVD. One I like at the holidays is "Skipping Christmas" Its a funny movie, not a thriller
yes hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food and can involve guns
yea thats true but some people also hunt as a means of pest control
yea, you cant over do it though because excessive hunting has also heavily contributed to the endangerment of many animals
yes i wish more people thought like you
Blogs usually cover a single subject, but mine covers a variety of topics like food and travel experiences.
Yes, it sometimes gets exhausting, so i'm thinking about starting a multi-author blog. That is where the content is written by multiple authors. It's mainly reviews of food I have tried.
No, unfortunately I don't. I wanted to start a website, but went with a blog instead because I don't have a lot of computer programming experience.
Do you use twitter? That's a good micro blogging system.
No I have no tips. The Panama Papers are 11.5 million leaked documents that contained financial and attorney\xe2\x80\x93client information for more than 214,488 offshore entities.
Yes they did. The documents contain personal financial information about wealthy individuals and public officials that had previously been kept private
The documents, some of which date back to the 1970s, were made by, and taken from, Panamanian law firm and corporate service provider Mossack Fonseca, and were leaked in 2015 by an anonymous source
Absolutely! Need to get me some homemade mustard plants.
i love buter on my grilled cheese!
Lol yes. Have you seen the episode of Glee about Grilled Cheesus?
I know that Liberty Tax services is the 3rd largest tax company in the united states.
Modern Accounting field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.
Accounting or accountancy is thousands of years old and can be traced to ancient civilizations.
"accounting" and "financial reporting" are often used as synonyms
They attempt to take the ball to the touchdown but running or throwing it. 
Similar to a soccer team, 11 players. They have to go atleast ten yards from where the ball starts to get a first down.
It starts usually in the fall. It's an interesting game because while they have to play as a unit, each player has a different task. 
While the offense attempts to score touchdowns, the defense is in charge of stopping them. Through tackling, intercepting passes, etc.
It is between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum and comes in many shades.
The largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll.
And think of the creatures that have adapted to their green environments like chameleons and others that take on a green hue for camouflage.
There are even minerals that have a green color sich as emerald and peridot.
We are studying at the moment the life of genghis khan! he was the great founder of the mongol empire, one of the largest empire in history after his death
Well he was a tough guy but a dreamer he came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes in northeast asia!
Well organized and leaving succesors to continuo his asian invasion, like he did after his death he left Ogedei Khan to continuo!
He led an era as the "King of Rock and Roll".
I don't think I've ever seen one.  I love how Forrest Gump inspires Elvis to make his signature move, though.
I'm not sure.
The Super Bowl is great and a lot of people watch it for the commercials.  It is quite a phenomenon now they are called Super Bowl ads.
Yeah in 2015 Nielsen estimated 114.4 million viewers watched it just in the United States and thats not including the rest of the world!
The number one most watched is July 20th, 1969.  530 million people watched the moonwalk, I was not alive for that one!
Yes that wa 14% of the total population on the planet and it wasn't even broadcasted in the Eastern Bloc because the USSR was obviously in competition with the US.
Well both rugby and football have their origin in a variety of types of football played in britain in the mid 1800s, english public school games were based on those games so i would say it started to form around 1850s ish and evolved until we got what we have today.
Well the first match of american football was played november 1869 between two college teams under rules of the association of football, so i can say america has been pretty serious about football for a while but i am not sure about pro football starting here.Canda has a professional football team as well.
I am not a sports fan i watch more esports than actual sports. also super nonathletic i can trip over a grape. Anways lol, college football is played by student athletes from american universities and colleges but some people dont know military academies also join in as well!
I loved the actors in the movies although originally I was offended that J. K. Rowling would only use British actors.
Oh yes!  It was a big deal at the time that she would only agree to British Actors and not American ones
Obviously, she overcame it as since 1997 the books and films have been very popular
She attracted a world wide audience
No and motivation is a what causes a person to want to repeat a behavior like going to work
Well only that a motive is what makes me develop the inclination to work
They say the wanting behavior  is tied to the rewarding stimulus and have ways to try to increase it
They think increasing dopamine by injections helps
You mean the color between blue and yellow, yes! Love it!
I still prefer green. It's the color of nature. Lots of animals have adapted to their green environments.
Emerald green is by far my favorite green emerald, Emeralds actually get their color of green by its chromium content
Since the middle ages green is the color of money. It's has always been associated with merchants and bankers. 
I know like diamonds emeralds are graded using the four C's. 
I like soccer which is commonly called football in Europe.
Football and Rugby share origins but not are too similar when played.
Not that I am aware, people either play soccer, rugby or cricket.
Over 24,4 million people play soccer in the US, do you think it is becoming more popular?
I like some shades of light green.
Painting goes back to pre-historic people. They used to paint cave walls.
Pink or pale red
Pink reminds me of Europe and Charm
Yes, I go twice a year. I'm a history buff currently possessed with Charles Andr\xc3\xa9 Joseph Marie de Gaulle
No, I haven't been there - I understand that Ireland is an island in the North Atlantic.
It is indeed an island!  And it is the third-largest island in Europe!
Well, I know that Ireland has lush vegetation due to its mild but changeable climate
The weather in Ireland is free of extremes in temperature.  Until the middle ages Ireland was covered by thick woodlands
Haha! That is pretty cool. I think I would be good at chanting slogans, but not the intense physical activity!
Have you been in any cheer competitions or do you normally cheer for sports teams?
That is cool! My niece went to Cheer Athletics in TX. It is the largest cheerleading program in the US. I was very proud of her.
Thank you! I think cheerleading is good for kids. It helps them be physically fit and also shows them about teamwork!
Mmmm, me too! Do you like them grilled or steamed?
Everything tastes better when grilled :) I love my hot dogs with mustard and onions
I also love corn dogs and pig in a blanket
I always eat hot dogs when i watch a baseball game.
I never tried that combo :)
That is the color between blue and yellow.
Yes, I also like green cause many creatures have adapted to their environments by turning green themselves.
I am not sure but I know it is common in plants.
What hue of green do you like the most?
Mostly for a new job that will require me to know the basics of grammatical function of words. 
I will be a foreign language teacher in public school district in Tokyo.
Yes quite highly which is why I decided to move there, to a town of resident population of 5,759.
I hope so! If not, thats okay too because I will be happy with my financial compensation 
That's really cool. I know some people play it as a sport as well, I personally like it just in my free time.
Yeah it's fun for a quality time with family or friends. What happiness is it when you manage to knock over all the pins!
Wow, that's a lot! I like ten-pin bowling the most. I usually score the highest from my friends and knock down as many pins as possible.
Yes but not in hollywood . need to be part in dramsa. .If drama school is part of degree 
Yes buddy, Its a great job. What you think about band. Do you like Yes band
No I m trying to do.Its english london based rock band in 1968
He may come back for comfort later on down the line.
The relationship can be confusing.
That can be very frustrating. It's almost like he's taking you on a rollercoaster ride.
Well, he is going to have to make up his mind about what he wants to do because, it's wrong to play with your emotions like that.
I just love him too!! He was born in January just like me
Indeed.  He is definitely regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.  Sure thats why we call him the king!
It will.  H was a pioner of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues.  Where would the music world be without his influence?
I just love finding out about old music.  Especially from the 1950s.  Finding out about how rock and roll dominated popular music and spread around the world.  What a time to be living!!
It's an important skill to have. It is the reason we have desires, needs, and actions.
I have a few things that help me, and the biggest way is positive thinking. It helps me act in a certain way, or at least want to do that thing.
There are other theories on motivation such as direction towards positive stimulus or away from negative stimulus.
Behavior therapy helps a lot. It's a type of psychotherapy that uses techniques for behaviorism and cognitive psychology.
I am a firm believer in CBT, which is a Cognitive-behavior therapy. The best version of it is Dialectical behavioral therapy.
Blue is good too. There is so much green to love because of chlorophyll in nature. 
Yes this is true! I also like that green is the color of Ireland because I'm Irish. 
Ha yes I was just going to say that money is green and green is the color of merchants, bankers.
My favorite color in pink. On the visible spectrum, the color green lays between blue an dyellow
Im not too sure. Many wild animals have adapted to their green environments by learning how to camoflauge themselves
The mona lisa painting is green. the costume she wore was green
Very interesting. The mona lisa was made by leonardo da vinci.
Hey there! I am! A lot of it actually takes place around Atlanta Georgia?
Oh thats nice!  What town around the "New South" did you live?
Thats awesome!  Did you get to meet Sheriff Woody Pride?
Yeah its been running since 2010.  That's a pretty long time for a show.
It certainly depends on the type of bowling game you are playing. Some varieties include target bowling, ten-pin, nine-pin and duckpin. I think the best advice is to keep your arm straight.
Ten-pin is the most popular, and it is what you played on your bowling date. Most bowling games descend from a European lawn game called Skittles though!
So I think it consists of throwing a baton at some pins and the max score is 50. People still play it in the United Kingdom and Ireland, but I have never played it.
Yeah, association football. Sorry, I should have specified! He's someone that started way back in 1994. He had good form all the way throughout, and that led him to get an international call-up in 1998, leading him to get signed for the Serie A defending champions, Juventus.
No.. in fact, he's a French association football coach now! And he was--in both 2003 and 2004, he as the runner-up for FIFA World Player of the Year, so that gives you an idea of his skill. Also won two league titles and three FA Cups. Partly why I like him is I'm part French, and he represented us well at the international level, and is our leading goalscorer, too.
I agree with you.. He was mentored by the great Ars\xc3\xa8ne Wenger, who made him somewhat of a prolific striker (which is someone whose primary mission is to score), and so that set him up to be able to be Arsenal's all-time leading scorer with 228 goals in all the competitions he played in.
While he was runner-up in some accolades, he did get awarded PFA Players' Player of the Year twice, and the FWA Footballer of the year three times. So, he was respected by his peers. Always a good sign. Guess that's why he made a natural transition to coach.
I really like it too. It has been around long time. Almost five millennia.
It's a means of transport, a recreational activity and a competitive sport in the winter
Me too The word ski is Norwegian 
Cross country skiing is a popular sport and activity. Some use it as a transportation means.
Skiing began in Australia in Kiandra, New South Wales in 1861.
It's also the color of the mineral emerald, due to the chromium.
Me too! It's such a lovely shade. I also love the color green found in nature.
The plants are that color due to the chemical they use during photosynthesis called chlorophyll. I think green is a very lucky color.
Absolutely! Plants need the chlorophyll in order to absorb energy from light, or they will die.
The offense takes the ball and tries to run it across the field to the other goal/side
Well in American football the opposing sports teams try to get the ball from each other and tackle other players
American football can be a dnagerous sport and has lead to issues with concussions and such
Yes it is, the NFL and the superbowl is huge with american football in the united states
I've never been to any, unfortunately but I heard Big Bend State park is really awesome.
I'm from Texas and only driven through, never actually stopped to admire. I know part of it is in Mexico as well.
I'm not sure about it. But something I do know about a national park is that Yellowstone was the first one signed into law.
I believe it was president Ulysses S. Grant who signed it. I'd really want to go there.
59 as of right now I think. National parks are operated by the national Park System too.
Nice, and on which platform do you play it? PlayStation, XBOX, or Windows?
Awesome, Playstation was released in 1995, which version did you play?
I used PlayStation 2 and I played The Godfather: Mov Wars on it 
Nice, which of the empires was your favorite? Archadia or Rozarria?
You have a point there, mine is princess Ashe. have a nice time
Have you worked in any particular field of accounting, such as tax accounting?
What did you do as a legal accountant?
I don't account now, but am looking at school for tax accounting or cost accounting.
Yes, are there any schools that are well know for their accounting programs?
"No but thanks for noticing!"  Sorry, every time I hear the word cardigan I think of Dumb & Dumber.  The greatest movie all time.
Yea he is one of the greats.  But about these cardigans, they are modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that the Brits wore during the war.
I agree, ever since the mid-17th Century when they wore them.
On a quick side note, it was Coco Chanel who is credited with popularizing cardigans for women.
Me too, it is so much easier buying goods and services from a seller on the internet rather than leaving my house!
I like how you can use many devices such as computers, laptops, tablet s and smartphones
I love using my phone to order things online like clothes and such!
I like how online stores enable us to browse such a wide range of products and services as well as photos of these things.
It\'s also so much easier to "search" online than it is to search in the store! Haha
of course, It is an American hip hop duo composed of Joseph Bruce and Shaggy  
Quite well, the group started off in Detroit in 1989 and was known for it's  known for its elaborate live performances.
This amazing group of  had two platinum and five gold albums.
You don't say,  they even went on to own their own  professional wrestling federation, Juggalo Championship Wrestling amongst other successes 
To top it all, they formed their own independent record label Psychopathic Records 
Oh yes, Elvis is a legend!!! He was born January 8, 1935!!
Yes he moved with his family when he was 13 years old, and his career began there at Sun Records with Sam Phillips!
Yes he does!! His first single in 1956, 'Heartbreak Hotel' became a number one hit!
Yes I know millions were devastated on August 16, 1977 when he was found unresponsive and died. Very sad. 
Yes he had this style they call it rockability, a backbeat driven combination of country and rhythm and blues.
Yes. They are fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling, if reading is too hard you can watch the movie.
The novel talks about the  life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.The movies are also good
The  point of interest about the novel is Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, this lord has plans to live forever
Oh well, to find out you just have to finish reading from where you left off..hahaha.Voldemort overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people 
I know athletes were told to consume a lot of meat and wine in ancient greece
I know athletes use a number of concoctions and tonics to boost performance
Good to know I thought athletes drank that to increase strength and stamina
Bodybuiding supplements really beccame popular in the 1970's and 1980's
Thats awesome, Nirvana has kind of had an influence on the entire music industry since they released their first album "Bleach".
nah Im a early 20s college student but Nirvana has still had a pretty large lasting impact on the industry. Ever since Cobain committed suicide via shotgun though it came crumbling down sadly.
Yea I think him using a shotgun to commit suicide made it a bit more gruesome so it had a bit more shock impact but too many talented musicians lost to suicide without getting help sadly.
Better to get help than to just end it all, the pain they had to go through without getting help from those around them while the public breathes down your neck at the slightest thing is pretty messed up.
Best medicine is to just take up a hobby and get involved. But the concept of heartbreak dates back at least 3,000 years.
Well its mostly a heavy feeling but in some rare cases it can cause physical damage to the heart.
Only in rare cases, some think the "pain" of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.
Its unique to each person but the concept is believed to be universal.So we all know what it feels like .
Well the neurological process involved in the perception of heartache is not known. But in some cases people have experienced it.
YEah, in other words, when Nirvana was formed ?
In what year Nirvana was created, do you know it ?
Well, I have heard, it was formed in 1987, it that true ?
I mean it ranges from chanting slogans to intense physical activity, it sounds like it could be to me.
Yeah there are a lot of competitive routines, they often last one to three minutes.
There are an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading but I don't have any information on whether or not they make money.
Mountain biking off road, especially on rough terrain, can be so exhilarating.
Have you done freeriding? It's similar to mountain biking, but you mostly go downhill and work on jumping and tricks and such.
Have you been to British Columbia? Biking is really popular there.
The pacific northwest is such a nice place to visit. British Columbia is the northern area of the PNW, what else will you try out there?
You should check out the Columbia river, it goes into British Columbia's rocky mountains.
i usually use the checkout line at walmart or target.  but consuers f ind a product of interest by visitng the interweb of the retailer directly nowadays.
well as of 2016, customers can shop online using a range of different computers and devices including desktop computers
well when an online store is set up to enable bunesses to buy from another business, the process is caleld business to business online shopping
yea they typicall do as most online stores enables the customer to browse the firms range of products and services, view photos or images of the products
Yeah, I can understand that. Do you like Fear the Walking Dead? It's a companion prequel to the Walking Dead.
I like some of it, more so the earlier seasons. It's set in LA, and then later on in Mexico. It follows a family that can sometimes be dysfunctional.
Oh, I didn't think you had seen it. What about Weird Tales? It's a horror fiction magazine.
Yes especially the fact that is can be a mean of transport
Just you as it is done in Australia which takes place in high country of he states
There have been skiing as far back as five millenias
Waster skiing require sufficient are on a smooth stretch of water
That is very handy, so the term for you would be an accountant, people practice accounting, do you have a lot of job in that field?
So you can say that you are in one of the most ancients jobs! accounting can be traced to ancient civilizations!
That is true! and i can imagine you must be very carefull in your job, with taxes that are imposed on income by the federal government, can you get into trouble by making a mistake?
That is quite a responsability for you and the companies that hire you, i know that generally tax is imposed on just the net profits, so it is not all of the profits, am i right?
There does not seem to be a lot of history on Japanese language or even a date it first appeared.
Is it very difficult to learn as a second language?
The pure vowel system of the japanese language fascinates me.
I imagine it is difficult to speak but it sounds so romantic when you hear it spoken.
You can definitely hear the Chinese influence in it if you listen.
why dont you like harry porter, its a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.
of course it does, harry potter, the novel  chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley
thank you, they are all students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
i dont know, but i think so, The series has also had its share of criticism, including concern about the increasingly dark tone 
yes and the world love the series,  the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide
Cardigan sweaters are simple knitted garments which is why they are so nice
When it comes to cardigan sweaters they use knitted cotton often
That is actually usually more common but they also have some cotton in them or are just cotton in knitted cardigan sweaters
They hang open in the front and are just a simple design with a collar, no buttons either
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels I'm also a big harry potter fan!
The Goblet of Fire is the fourth novel in the series, my favorite is the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Of course, the prisoner of azkaban is the third novel in the series!
Well the book follows Harry and his friends third year at Hogwarts, it is the first time we see dementors, and sirius black. It is also the first time Harry summons a patronus, and professor lupin teaches defense against the dark arts.
Yeah i know of Isaac Asimov, he is a science fiction and popular science author right? He is also responsible for the laws of robotics.
Yes, I have an Instagram account and use it everyday. The only bad thing is it is owned by Facebook. 
I like that you can easily share photos without a clunky interface. It is basically a photo and video service. 
Yes there are filters in Instagram. It is also a mobile and desktop app. 
Instagram was released in 2010 for iOS.  
I have no idea how many people use it.  But I do know mostly the younger crowd use it. The person who created it is named Kevin Systrom. 
Well its a good investment if you know what your doing. Stock exchanges list shares of common equity as well as other security
Humans have been trading since the beginning of time I would say.
I would have to say the New York Stock Exchange. Its the hub of the worlds transactions.
Emerald green is beautiful. I also like it just because money necessities are green like plants and money, so it's a great color. 
I actually am! I own many myself. I am always fascinated by the fact plants green because of chlorophyll and photosynthesis
Yeah it's quite an impressive invention. Looks like we are basically pseudo botanists based on our enjoyment of plants.
Its the practice of killing or trapping animals, or pursuing or tracking them
Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation.
Well that's why its a game!  Lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching, which is the illegal killing, trapping or capture of animals
Poaching illegal hunting or capturing of wild animals, while the other is.animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation. 
I know!  I love buying everything I want from Amazon over the Internet using a web browser
Absolutely I love prime and being able to buy whatever I want from the largest internet retailer in the world
I love how we can do so much of our black friday shopping now online as well.  It is way easier than fighting lines
Yes and some companies are even experimenting with delivery drones for delivering their packages
The shows lead character was player by  the show's lead character, sheriff's deputy Rick Grimes, who awakens from a coma discovering a world overrun by zombies,
who awakens from a coma discovering a world overrun by zombies, they struggle to survive the territory infested with zombies
Its all about survival or be turned to one of the zombies,the storyline of the game dictates that players begin as Humans and try to survive a Zombie invasion.  
End! It only spread into a bigger zombie apocalypse, a widespread rise of zombies hostile to human life engages in a general assault on civilization. 
Nothing weird. Listening to the king of rock and roll, would definitely help in coping with every bit of life events
Wow, impressive. Good chance your mom had. I have read that one of the strongest relationships Elvis had was with his mother Gladys. Moms are special
The whole world was saddened by his death and I wonder will we ever have another like Elvis in the near future at all
I am especially grateful to Grammy Association for their recognition of Elvis for his great works in music industry
For sure. I pray for him to rest in eternal peace
I find it fascinating to learn that cheerleading began in the United States rather than in Germany.
Yes, and apparently it's very popular with over a million people doing it.
I've learned that it all started with a rebellion of some male students.
It's true! Apparently there was some really bad treatment from teachers so the male students rebelled!
I agree! I mean, who would think that post american revolution males would turn to cheerleading?!
It was known as The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995
It is now simply known as Discovery sometimes
It is also the third most widely distributed cable station in the USA
Yes, it is only behind TBS and the Weather Channel
It is currently available in over 409 million households throughout the world
it's such an awesome sport or skill of using a bow to propel arrows
practice makes perfect! It's interesting that historically archery has been used for combat and hunting
not sure when it became an actual sport. i've read the bow and arrow seems to have been invented in the later Paleolithic era! Long time ago!
the arrows used to be made of pine and consisted of mainshaft and a long fore shaft with a flit point
I'm not sure about that!
Yes quite often.  It allows me to directly buy goods from a seller over the internet without having to leave the comfort of my home.  What about you?
I love visiting websites of different retailers directly to see product availability and the best prices.
Thats another great thing, you can use computers, laptops, tablets and now even your phone to shop online.
I am a fan of amazon, I love that you can narrow down your search to find specific models, brands or items and the range of items then have is amazing.
I just enjoy the choice offered.  An online shop even eokes the physical analogy of buying at a normal bricks and mortar retailer so it is so easy and relaxing.
Dylan's candy bar is a chain of boutique candy shops
It is owned Dylan Lauren
She is the daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren 
It stocks 7000 candies from around the world
Yeah they formed in 1985 In Los Angeles California
Guns and Roses sold more than a hundred million albums world wide
My favorite albums was Appetite for Destruction do you remember that one?
I love football! i have never played but find it interesting how its mix between rugby and football
I definetely think rugby is rougher, especially because even if a player is tackled tot he ground they can pick up the ball and keep the play going, in american football the play ends
I played softball and field hockey in school but love watching the national football league 
I just don't like how football has turned into a spectacle especially in the media regarding the national anthem
I completely agree, i just don't understand the mixed reactions people get, we all have a right to voice out opinion
Yes the shotgun was found across his body and there was a suicide note too
It is a mystery, but prior to his death he was checked out of a rehab center so that must have not helped
He had one daughter with Courtney Love
Yes one of the Grunge bandmates is the lead singer of the Foo Fighters
Usually I just photos or videos.  Do you know who owns Instagram?
it's actually owned by Facebook
generally landscape photos.  Instagram allows you to use different filters which makes it pretty cool.
you can link your instagram account to facebook and twitter and share your dog photos!
exactly!  It's great for photo sharing.
In 1985 but you can refer to it as simply Discovery)
No actually,  it is television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company
Its CEO David Zaslav was the one who got the idea of such a channel and founded it in his 30s
They have restructured quite a bit! First they provided documentary programming focused primarily on science, technology, but by the 2010s had expanded into reality television and scientific entertainment.
I like the Dallas cowboys, who's yours? I like watching their offence work as they try to control the football while taking it down field.
Its a huge spectacle and I like that fact because its like watching a huge event. Watching to see witch team ends up with the most points in the end to win the game
Yeah the super bowl is huge and watched by a lot of people all over the world. From humble origins where the first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams.
It is not just to motivate the team and entertain the audience. They usually compete too.
There are many different ones. Cheerleading gained popularity after the global presentation led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPNs International Cheer competition and the release of the movie "Bring it On" in 2000.
They are very well known and widely regarded as one of the best cheerleading squads in the NFL.
Oh you must be a professional at balance, strength, flexibility, agility and coordination! Impressive! 
Oh yeah, the movement involved give a lot of exercise to the arms, legs, shoulderss and back. A total body workout!  
You must also have a lot of mental strength as well as it requires alertness, precision and self confidence.
Gymnastics came from the Greeks, interestingly. It came from circus performance skills.
Nowadays most competitive  gymnastics are governed by the FIG so it is more formal now.
Who does?!?! It is insane how we have been using the term to a desired or lost lover, and dates back at least 3,000 years.
True, I don't think humans have changed that much... We still hurt and get hurt. There is a syndrome called  'broken heart syndrome', including physical damage to the heart.
The consequence is permanent heart damage and sometimes death due to the damage.
I always think so... I beleive this type probably happens when someone dies mostly. This is when  the anterior cingulate cortex of the brain, which during stress may overstimulate. 
It really does. During heart break stress you may overstimulate the vagus nerve causing pain, nausea or muscle tightness in the chest.
Guns N' Roses a.k.a GNR are my best American rock band
Interestingly they had eight-song album "G N\' R Lies" (1988) which reached number two on the "Billboard" 200.
More so,They had twin albums "Use Your Illusion I" and "Use Your Illusion II" (1991) 
Also,they million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States.
Any great pop singer is was an American singer, songwriter, and dancer.
It is a very intense medical specialty of how it can affect the nervous system so it must be hard.
I am not sure, but I know that in the US neurosurgeons have to complete undergraduate, then four years of medical school, and then seven years of residency. Pretty crazy!
Yeah it is! And the residencies themselves consist of clinic research sometimes.
Well it would be the seven years that they would have to complete. They can also seek additional training and that's called a fellowship.
Yes the sond was well written by Axl Rose
The tour was splendid. It was one of their longest tout
When did he leave did he release the six albums with them
Maybe that was due to his powerful and large vocal range
Yes I love being able to view an entire range of products easily
Yeah, I like that you just have to have a web browser
Well at least you can use google chrome to find coupons sometimes
That is true. overall I think the convenience of online shopping is worth it
Not even for black friday promotions?
They are epic. They take you on a journey of a young wizard named Harry Potter. He attends a school that teaches witchcraft and wizardry.
There are around seven, and they are really popular among young adult audiences.
My favorite character is Lord Voldemort. He's a dark character and reminds me of myself. Harry potter attempts to thwart his plans to become immortal.
Do you know that Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy ?
I'm not sure but it was founded by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.
Her inspiration is to create the largest unique candy store in the world"
The shop stocks 7,000 candies from around the world.It's a record number
Well, if you stay in New York you can visit the nearest shop at 60th Street and 3rd Avenue, is the flagship store.
Supersize, you getting yor swell on? I live in manattan and use by bike for transport. Do you road or mountain bike? 
Your not alone I think something like one billion people current bike.
I'd imagine the vast majority. They are the principal means of transportation in much of Asia.
Bicycles provide numerous benefits in comparison with motor vehicles in Asia but I'm thinking people get ran over all day by buses and such. I think I'd walk or get on the bus instead. 
Yep, he formed the famous band Nirvana in 1987 which pretty much started the grunge genre.
The band consisted of Kurt Cobain, krist Novoselic, and finally Dave Grohl after going through several drummers.
I would have to say "Smells like teen spirit". It\'s the opening track and lead single from the album "Nevermind" that was released in 1991.
That\'s a good one too. .I also like "Come as you are". It was also on the "Nevermind" album. 
Yeah! Had it ever been attained?  Military ranks are a system of hierarchical relationships in armed forces, police, intelligence agencies or other institutions
Its based on dominance, authority, as well as roles and responsibility in a military hierarchy.
Its truly a chsin of command based on principles of exercising power and authority, and the military chain of command \xe2\x80\x93 the succession of commanders superior to subordinates through which command is exercised 
Intetestingly,Imperial Roman army are the terrestrial armed forces deployed by the Roman Empire from about 30 BC to 476 AD.
A combination of yellow and blue, or cyan.
Its been around since he middles ages as well, it was associated with merchants and bankers.
I am not sure, certain colors just mean certain things back then.
I believe so, and red was associated for nobility as well.
I feel you, nothing like a good frankfurter, I love them fired up over a grill and with BBQ sauce.
I've just recently learned that corn dogs and pigs in a blanket are hot dog variants. I thought they were jump similar foods.
I know that they were originally imported from Germany and then became popular in the US. 
Yes, it is a sausage sandwich of sorts, so I think it was German pork at first.
I've only played regular ten-pin bowling. I used to play in a junior league when I was a kid!
That sounds like it would have been fun. I used to do pretty well, scoring often over 200 points. Do you know your highest score?
You're right, bowling shoes really haven't aged well in the fashion sense!
Courtney Love is still alive. She is an actress now and was notably in the show Sons of Anarchy. I don't like Courtney Love and I think she had a large part in Kurt Cobain's death!
They did. Her name was Francis Bean and she was very young when he died. I believe Courtney Love was only in a couple episodes of Sons of Anarchy. Do you watch the show?
It is a really good show but it is very grungy--Kind of like Kurt Cobain's music which was total grunge!
I do, accounting is all about keeping track of finances especially for businesses.
Accounting keeps track of an organization's financial activities and report the information to investors, and the like.
There are many different types of accounting, including management accounting, external auditing, and regular financial accounting.
There are many systems to help with accounting that are designed to support reporting and other activities of accounting.
Accounting was founded by Luca Pacioli in 1494, before it was modernized.
YOu must love numbers! yuck,not  me... accounting is a way to measure and process financial information
Account has been around form any years,formally it began in 1494 by Italian mathematician Pacioli
I am not sure,however, accounting has lots of fields such as, auditing aind,and cost accounting,what type interests you?
computer science does not involve accounting, it is the science regarding the design of compters
it involves programming, programming languages give instructions to computers that produce many kinds of output
I am indeed.  You're a business of one or more experts that provide advice for a fee!
I hear that and we know how important advertising is for selling a product, service or idea.
Outsourcing is important for marketing firms as well.  
That seems interesting.  Is the Graphics Artists Guild a part of your companies resume as well?
Well it's very important to be in that tertiary sector and account for billions in revenues.  I appreciate your hard work!
lawful hunting is different from poaching thpugh
it could also be considered a means of pest control
exactly, its also not hunting if you stalk an animal but dont intend to kill it
Very, Hunting wildlife for sport is mostly a human activity
A color wheel or color circle is pretty abstract. It shows us the relationships between other primary colors.
I like to body point sometimes, but it can get messy.
Yeah I can see that. There is an army doctor who used to paint and it relaxed him.
Bob Ross was awesome. He had a great TV show--The Joy of painting. 
Yes but we both cheer for different teams on the old gridiron. It is fun for us.
The Raiders are my favorite team and the Steelers are my girlfriends favorite.
Yes. And the Raiders have been playing since 1960 so that's a lot of games.
I've never been! I'm too afraid I wouldn't be able to kill an animal... Maybe if I was really hungry though!
I think I'd consider hunting if it was to do pest control. Like if there were too many delicious rabbits terrorizing the house.
They are cute. It's also interesting that the males are called bucks and the females does! Just like deer!
My grandfather used to hunt white-tailed deer in Mexico! He also went to Canada for them as well.
I'd like to travel, but maybe not to hunt! I'll shoot things... with a camera! Bad pun, but you get the idea.
I think so. I'm from a very green place with many different plants of many different shades of green.
I don't think so. I also don't think I've ever seen cheese with a greenish tint unless it was starting to grow mold!
What about blue cheese? I know blue cheese quite well. In fact, last night I have a hamburger with a spread of blue cheese crumbles on it.
Do you know that the word has its roots from the latin word arcus?
It means archery in Latin. It used to be for Hunting and combat until now that its a sport
yes I have an I love it. It's a classy sport :)
In today's world its a competitive sport, I think they even have it at the olympics
you need all the classic equipment like skis, boots, and pools, you can rent them from shops around town or buy them for long term use. 
I was a cross country skier and won many medals in the States, it qualified me to complete in the olympics. Some people today still use cross country skiing as a way of transportation. 
People use it way up north in alaska and Canada to move across large distances. 
Oh green is a lovely color! It's so common in nature. My favorite color is blue! You can see it in bodies of water.
Ohhhh cobalt is specific! It was used in a lot in ancient times for jewelry and paints. Its a distinctive blue tint to glass.
Why were the poison bottles colored with Cobalt?
Ah that's a good point! I would definitely want to avoid ingesting poison! That's a great reminder that humans tend to see brightly colored items.
Well some evolutionary psychologists argue that psychology is all modular to the mind, to help make decisions fasters and avoid things easier because of bright colors.
Yes, exactly. They even denied letting a 16 year old child live in the community in 1996. I assume he was trying to live with his grandparents.
And think of all the social activities they provide as well. There is always something to do and that's a benefit for older people, so they don't end up never leaving their homes.
My grandmother has all those things done for her too. She always talks about the bingo games and talent shows they happen on a regular basis. It's nice to see and hear about her having fun.
I agree! Another important job is being in politics. Hilary Clinton is a great example.
I agree! Trump is too caught up in his own businesses and running Trump Tower.
I totally agree. Maybe he should go to the Republic of Colombia instead.
Definitely. Or maybe they both could go to Victoria, Australia.
Yes, i love them too! i love the modern version that has no buttons! is more considered as a robe
The old version is the regular one, knitted garment that has open front and buttons!
i KNOW THAT COCO CHANEL IS CREDITED WITH POPULARIZING CARDIGANS for women!
Yes of course she is the founder and namesake of the chanel brand!
Earl Anthony was a famous bowler good question! Also the maximum score is 300 which is 12 strikes in a row, he probably got that or close to that amount a lot!
Yes i cant say i relate to those pros lol! Little known fact, three consecutive strikes is actually known as "turkey." Very silly if you ask me.
Lol nice. I actually LOVED wii bowling, my family and i played a lot together. Well if you know that, what about the fact that  "hambone" has sometimes been used to describe four consecutive strikes?
The first American football game was played on November 6, 1869. It was a game against Rutgers and Princeton.
Yes, Rutgers is considered the largest institution for higher education in New Jersey.
Rutgers is known for being the "Birthplace of College Football:, this is due to hosting the first ever intercollegiate football game.
It is between two college teams. College football is generally considered to be the second tier of American football. It is one step ahead of high school competition.
hunting down wildlife or feral animals is mostly done for sport, food, recreation and to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals
well i like fishing, catch and release, or catching for food is always nice and relaxing
yea it can but it is also not considered hunting to pursue animals without intent to kill them such as in wildlife photography or birdwatching
that is one of the animals that is hunted as a means of pest control
It's like physical and mental pain that you feel after losing such an important relationship. It won't go away.
I don't know. I guess time. The cortex in the brain gets overstimulated from the stress and and cause nausea and muscle tightening in the chest. I need to keep myself occupied.
I guess I'm not alone. I think a broken heart is a universal concept as other cultures use the same term to describe their feelings about a relationship loss. 
I respect your masters in math.  It's amazing to think how many masters degrees exist out there depending on the college.
Nursing is interesting too because it's a profession within the health care sector to help maintain the health of people  What's your favorite type of math?
I find it amazing that nurses have a great variety of specialties and have the authority of prescribing medications.  Do you ever seek further knowledge in math or do you just work with a math related job?
Neonatal nurses, Psychiatric nurses, mental health nurses, intensive care nurses; really depends where they are assigned.  Most nurses are allowed to work in most jurisdictions in a variety of places.
Ah! The King of Rock and Roll - he was wonderful. Why are you a fan?
The mansion in Tennessee?
Have you visited the Appalachian mountains? I've heard they are incredible
Definitely - what an amazing career. Started back in 1954 I believe?
There are plenty of different types of Cod, but the two most common ones are Atlantic Cod and Pacific Cod
I love all cod because it has a great mild flavour and a dense, flaky white flesh! 
I would say it is ore fishy, but it can also be processed to make cod liver oil which provides vitains A, D and D along with omega-3-fatty acids which are really good for you! 
Another great thing you can try is fish and chips if you are ever in the United Kingdom! Atlantic cod is the most common ingredient in fish and chips in the UK 
That is too bad! I love sea food, especially cod because its flavor is a lot more mild than most fish
I'm not really a fan - we don't have much snow where I am - but i know it can be a competitive winter sport.
I actually do know who that is and what he looks like!  He's a two-time Olympic gold medalist!
Shaun White I think also holds the record for most Xgames medals.
He was actually born with a pretty severe heart defect - he had two open heart surgeries before the age of one
motivation is peoples reason for there actions I think 
well maybe you are repeating the same behaviors and need to switch it up a bit to get you out of the rut ?
well maybe you are repeating the same behaviors and need to switch it up a bit to get you out of the rut ?
well maybe you are repeating the same behaviors and need to switch it up a bit to get you out of the rut ?
the modern field was esetablished by the italian mathematician luca pacioli in 1494
yes , and accounting has been called the language of business, meaures the results of an organization's economic acitivites and conveyes this information to a variety of users
well accounting and financial report are often used as synonyms 
yea and information systems are designed to support accounting functions and related activities.
I don't, no. I know Carnitine was discovered in 1905, so it has been used for a long time, but I just try to follow the principles of good nutrition. 
I think there are a lot of things that are technically legal but the government doesn't regulate a lot of these things so they may not be safe, so I think it is important to do your homework. I have two sons who are college athletes, and they are discouraged from using supplements.
Agreed! Many herbal concoctions have been used since ancient times and are surely just fine!
In ancient Greece athletes were told to consume lots of wine and meat. Maybe I'll stick to that! LOL
Yeah, I like music too, I have a lot of favorite female singers. I like music festivals too.
Nope, but I would really like to. I'm scared of getting too hot, it's outdoors so there's a chance.
Have you been to one before? What kind of music festival? Blues? Folk? Jazz?
I like jazz. It\'s "Americas classical music"
Some festivals are benefits for a specific charitable cause.
Yes, he died on August 16, 1977. I remember it was a huge deal when he died, but I was just a kid. 
Yes, he had tons. Rock and roll was a new thing back then, and he had a bunch of chart-topping records.
His first single was Heartbreak Hotel. Everyone knows that one!
A cardigan is also called sweater,is a type of knitted garment 
garment has no buttons and hangs open by design
The cardigan was named after James Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan, a British Army Major General who led the Charge of the Light Brigade at the Battle of Balaclava ,it was a period of the crimean war
It is modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat,worn by the British officers during the war
 legend of the event and the fame that Lord Cardigan achieved after the war led to the rise of the popularity of garments
I love winter because it is so cold and cozy.
It depends, but winter can get really cold, like below freezing.
I really don't know, though probably somewhere in New England since they have cold, harsh winters.
Over here in Oklahoma the winters are starting to get more mild and not as cold now.
Yeah, but hey I love snow and ice.
Well I process, measure, and communicate financial information about entities. Do you know any accountants?
Several years! Specifically I am in the field of financial accounting.
It varies a lot honestly. I prepare financial statements that are available for public consumption.
Not really even when bowling is one of the major forms of throwing sports.  Do you?
Great, so I guess you have got the maximum score of 300 many times.
Do you play ten-pin bowling or other of the variation?
So do you play in profesional tournament just in the U.S. or around the world?
I am just a fan, I would like to participate in one but it is dangerous!
That is so sad, however this would not stop me from attempting to participating in Auto racing one day. I'll make sure I am safe
Yes of course, in fact, dirt track racing is one of the most common source of racing.
Yes I am, rallying is a type of motorsport that takes place on roads. Most cars in rally racing are either modified or specially built legal cars.
I like that it has the shortest days and the longest night.
I also like that it is after autumn and before spring,.
I love the song You Make It Feel Like Christmas by Gwen Stefani.
I do too, but I love New Years Eve the best. I count down the days till December 31.
Cool, that was what I was in! It was mostly for leisure but it got really competitive which is why I kinda stopped bowling.
Yeah as simple as throws a bowling ball towards a target seems, it is hard.
I have thrown my fair share of strikes in one of the major forms of throwing sports, bowling.
In the pin bowling variation? I would do that all the time haha.
Really, I love bowling as well. My friends and I quite often. I never get all pins tho
I'm very terrible at it and only play for fun. I do score points somehow though. 
Oh that sounds really cool and fun. All of our local bowling alleys are just the basics. A batman theme would really be cool. 
I have tried it a time or 2 and I did like it. I think I do much better on the Wii lol 
yeah it's such a cool post-apocalyptic tv series
it premiered on october 31, 2010 but i feel like it literally just premiered
yes, it got really popular! it was shown on channel AMC and on Fox
literally everybody likes it! the walkind dead attracted the most 18 to 49 year old viewers of any cable tv series
Really?! They are a Canadian rock band. They first formed in Alberta, Canada!
Wow! Nickelback formed in 1995."Billboard" ranked Nickelback as the most successful rock group of the 2000s!
The lead singer of Nickelback is Chard Kroeger, but he is not only the lead singer. He is also a guitarist! 
He has probably done so! I can't think of anyone off the top of my head. But i can tell you that Chad Kroegar has co-written several songs for other artists & films.
I love reading blogs. It's a great way to discuss topics in diary-style posts
The only thing that confuses me is that they are usually displayed in reverse chronological order, so recent posts appear first. After reading blogs for awhile, I finally got used to that concept.
That is true, it does make the most sense. Up until 2009, blogs were usually written by a single writer and usually only covered one topic. Now there are multi-authored blogs. 
And now with Twitter and other systems it helps to integrate the different blogs into the news media. The web is amazing!
She is a British author J. K. Rowling.
It is her pen name but it stands for Joanne Rowling
Yes  The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley!
its neat The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic
Same here !  Auto racing is also known as automobile racing
I race mustang.  Another fact is that almost as soon as automobiles had been invented races were organized right away 
Yeah very true the first recorded race happened in 1867 so long ago
Yeah it would be strange ! Many of the earliest events were effectively trials 
My younger daughter loved them too! She took me along to many of the films that were based on J.K. Rowling! I enjoyed them.
What changed your opinion on the young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends at Hogwarts?
Did you enjoy the story arc of Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort? 
I can't believe that there have been over 500 million copies sold worldwide making it the best selling series in history!
You should.  The United States has 59 protected areas known as national parks.
Well, there are a lot of popular ones.  I would say Yellowsstone is the most popular since it is the oldest!  It was established 1872.
It is know for its wildlife and geothermal features.  Have you hear of Old Faithful geyser?
It is a cone geyser and has erupted every 44 to 125 minutes since 2000.
You're right!  If you decide to go there, make sure you visit the Old Faithful Museum of Thermal Activity.  It's been there isn 1929.
I find that it's a soothing color. Do you have any other favorite colors?
My other one is purple, red doesn't look good with my skin tone. Red used to be the color of nobility though!
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you meant?
He is a legend and icon of the 20th century. He was referred to as the King.. can't get much cooler than that.
What impresses me that a lot of Elvis impersonators actually sing his songs. I bet that's tough!
I agree! The thing that shocks me even more is that they have been impersonating Elvis since the mid-1950s when Elvis started his career.
You mean the cress-breed dog, between a golden retriever and a Pooddle?
I am not sure I've seen then though,  Are they the ones that look like giant golden Poodles?
They look quite funny then.  I know one of the great thing about labradoodles is that they are considered hypoallergenic.
Do you know who first created this "designer dog"?
Do you eat the meat? hunting wildlife is most commonly done by humans for food.
Sounds delicious, Hunting can also be a means of pest control, do you hunt for that?
Sounds about right, you don't kill too many though right? sometimes excessive hunting has heavily contributed to the endangerment of some animals.
I see, do you ever fish? Fishing is the pursuit, capture and release of fish for food.
well chinese documents from the 3rd century recorded a few japanese words, but substantial texts did not appear until the 8th century.
im on the internet! i can find anything! also, during the heian period, chinese had considerale influence on the vocabulary and phonology of old japanese
exactly! the late middle japanese included changes in features that brouht it closer to the modern language
I like football too, but am a bit rusty with all the rules.  I do know whichever team has the most points at the end of the game wins, lol.
I know history a bit better than the rules.  I believe the first game of American football took place in 1869.  It was a college game.
I don't know how many teams but the television rights to broadcast NFL games are the most expensive of any sport.  
The Super Bowl ads are incredibly pricey.  CBS must make a lot of money since the network has aired the NFL games since 1956!
it is fun Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as "cheerleaders") cheer
Im not sure, from chanting slogans to intense physical activity it is fun!
I like that  It can be performed to motivate sports teams
it really is, Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes
Lots do The global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition
Cod is popular with its mild flavor and dense, flaky, white flesh.
In the UK, it's the most common ingredient in fish and chips alon gwith haddock and plaice.
When cod livers are processed, it can make cod liver oil which has many vitamins.
I do not like that it contains the seeds hard, starchy endosperm.
I also do not like the fact that a popcorn puff is 20 to 50 times the size of the original kernel.
I really do not like popcorn, I do not like any of the six major types of corn either.
Well, they descended from the Techichi, which was a favorite dog of the Toltec civilation in Mexico
Well the earliest evidence show that they were around in 100 AD, so as far as breeding I do not know
Besides being fans of Taco Bell?  Well they were buried in ancient shaft tombs back in 300 BC
I don't think tombs were scary.  It was just the tradition back in western Mexico between 300 BC and 400 AD
I have been having emotional pain,  Emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome', 
Not really, I left, it is believed to be part of the survival instinct.
No, I mean leaving on time when you notice any thing,The concept is believed to be universal,  
I know, but not when life is involved. I can't risk it.The neurological process involved in the perception of heartache is not known, but is thought to involve the anterior cingulate cortex of the brain 
He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi but moved to Memphis, Tennessee with his family when he was 13. 
HIs music career began in 1954 with a record company that wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience. I had no idea!
Yes and several network television appearances which helped his career take off.
Yes his first single "Heartbreak Hotel" was released in 1956 and became his first number one hit
That is right. the color green in nature is mainly caused by chlorophyll. That is the chemical plants use for energy.
You might what to ask someone knowledgeable on those subjects. Since you are curious about green, There are minerals like the Emerald that take on the green color.
I do actually. The color green has a dominant wavelength of around 495570 nm.
Tough not though, sorry. I'm not very good either, I'd love to even get three strikes in a row, which is called a turkey.
Yeah the names are quite weird too, like four strikes in a row is called a hambone.
One strike is pretty good, have you ever tried any of the unusual bowling variations, like nine-pin bowling or candlepin bowling?
Candlepin bowling uses three balls per frame instead of twoo, and the balls are much smaller and they don't have finger holes.
I am not a fantasy fiction lover, but I work with people who are part of the Harry Potter fandom.  they engage in Harry Potter role playing games and such!  Do you
I guess it's like make blieve, where you get to do something fun and creative, not a chore.
Our town has a Renaissance festival where people dress up.  I have gone to observe and enjoy, but those in character seem to love it.
Yes, if I could play Twig the Fairy, who is innocent but mischievous!
He's books though have been published worldwide and translated into 42 languages.
Yeah and it also means that a lot of people like he's books also. He actually graduated from Mississippi State University before attending the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981
Did you like it? Its border to the west is formed by the Mississippi River.
I do love the British author J. K. Rowling. Have you read her other stuff?
I'm actually a fan of her poetry more then her Harry potter books even if  they did sell more then 400 Million copies.
She is the shining star of Yate, Gloucestershire, England i'm sure.
That's a myth J. K. Rowlings actually worked for amnesty international as a international writer when she started writing Harry Potter. 
It really does, even as a form of transport or recreation.
It can be if you don't ski properly either as recreation or transport.
If I had to choose though, I'd prefer to skii recreationally instead of for transport.
To ski you basically use skis to glide on the snow.
I know, gliding on the snow in skis seems easier than it actually is.
Dallas Cowboys they call me Big Cutie.  I love chanting slogans to intense physical activity.
Awesome, your team has over 600 regular season and postseason wins. Only 5 teams have done that. You should try to to cheer for them.
You can always jump in the Eagles band wagon. I'm currently working on a 3 minute Competitive routines  for this season. 
You need a new team to cheer for. 1.5 million participants compete in cheerleading yearly. You can be one of those. 
Is vicuna wool similar to the wool obtained from sheep?
I think that must be because the vicunas can only be shorn every three years.
What happened to the roads after the Spanish colonial era?
I would love to walk on the Incan trail to Machu Picchu
Yes green is my favorite color! It's between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.
Yes forest green is lovely. There are so many varieties of green that differ in hue or tone.
I like Olive green. Many shades of green are named after plants! Probably the one I don't like the most is sea foam green.
My favorite green that appears in plants is probably forest green!
Most plants are green due to their chlorophyll! :)
Have you ever seen one of the Elvis impersonators that sing some of Elvis's songs?
What type of music do you like? I actually agree with you, I'm more into Alternative.
One of my guilty pleasures is listening to Meatloaf, ever listened to his work?
His most popular song is probably I Would Do Anything For Love.
Yea with a series of successful tv appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of rock and roll.
He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi but then moved to Memphis, Tennessee with his family when he was only 13 years old.
Indeed! His career began in 1954 at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips.
I think his first single, "Heartbreak Hotel", was released back in 1956 and became a hit in the United States.
I know a lot about it.  It is one of the most rewarding sports out there.  I love giving encouragement to the team.  Is she excited?
Is the team she trying out for one that is more chanting slogans, or is it highly physically demanding?
She will have a blast.  I remember going to competitions and doing our three minute routines.  Has she chosen a specialty?  I used to specialize in dance, but some of the girls were tumblers, and jumps, and others were more cheer specialists.
I know she will do extremely well with that level of experience already.  It will be great for her if it is a competitive team to travel and meet some of the 1.5 million other all-star cheerleaders! 
It's smart to do it because there is a lot of scholarship money for it, and nowadays with movies like Bring It On the world has taken notice so she may be able to do some study abroad as well.
There are currently locations in New York City, East Hampton, Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach! Are you by one of those locations?
The flagship location is the New York City store on 60th Street and 3rd Avenue! It's considered a must-see for many tourists and celebrities!
It's owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of the famous designer, Ralph Lauren. Her shop stocks 7,000 candies from around the world!
Probably so! Celebrities such as Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, Suri Cruise, Janet Jackson and Madonna are all fans of Dylan's, so maybe people are hoping to sneak a peek at a celebrity!
I have heard of it, the daughter of Dylan Lauren owns it, but she is a fashion designer
She is an american entrepreneur!
She does not focus too much on clothes, her goal is to merge fashion and candy with art
there are currerntly stores in new york city, east hampton, los angeles, chicago and miami
Many shades of green are named after plants, such as evergreen, a dark shade I like.
Haha, I bet that's not the only thing you like about cannabis.
I agree, it also has benefits for people with cancer or HIV/AIDS.
I have a completely normal life thankfully. Any infant born before 37 weeks gestational age is considered a premature birth. 
Correct. I won't develop any problems related to being premature. Risks are greater the earlier a baby is born. 
I definitely am. You can refer to the babies as both preemies or premmies. 
  Buy one, get one free"is a common form of sales promotion.
Bicycles were introduced in the 19th century 
Bicycles provide numerous benefits in comparison with motor vehicles, including the sustained physical exercise 
Cycling also offers a reduced consumption of fossil fuels, less air or noise pollution
He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi actually, but later relocated to Memphis, Tennessee at only 13 years old.
I'm really not sure about the details of his death. But on a lighter note, he had a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records which made he become the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll.
Presley\'s first big RCA single is "Heartbreak Hotel". It was released in January of 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.
Really> Elvis was very talented he sang, was an actor and musician, tell me more about it!
I have always heard of Elvis as the King of Rock! He was an icon
He was born an hour from my place in Tupelo, Ms
Hearbreak Hotel his first single hit #1 in 1956
All those chart topping records made Elvis the leading figure in rock and roll
No but my friend was in the healthcare field and tried to become a paramedic
Paramedics have to go through so much training for the work environment they have, dealing with emergencies 
The scope of a paramedic is quite varied but the situations they go through must be traumatizing
Also the driving for paramedics during emergencies must be insane as well with the position and role they hold 
I don't have an instagram account but my mom, my niece and a lot of family do so I know some about it.  I know that it is a mobile photo sharing app that allows the user to share pictures publicly or privately to their followers
I am a facebook person as well. I guess this is somewhat similar and i read that is owned by Facebook.
I think it is more media focused.  also you can add filters to your images with the app as well
Although I do have a smart phone I am pretty simple myself.  I read that it was launched in 2010 exclusively for iOS
Well it has happened a couple times in my life. The pain wasn\'t so severe as to cause physical damage, as happens in "broken heart syndrome".
Yes, the heart can have trouble doing it's job of supplying blood, oxygen, and nutrients adequately - I guess it is from the depression and anxiety that often accompanies the state of mind.
I would imagine that it is possible, since it does does to the heart. But, the anxiety is probably the wort part of it, physical symptoms such as fast heart rate and shakiness.
The anxiety can leave a feeling of uneasiness and worry for the rest of a person's life. But, there is always hope if the person seeks out treatment.
Cognitive behavior therapy, which challenges the patient's thoughts, beliefs, and attitudes.
He was an American singer, musician, and actor.
yes he is,  he was seen as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century
he was called the King of Rock and Roll
There are alot of them on youtube buddy, he had  a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records
Yes, I'm too slow to be a competitive skier! I like to see it as a means of transport in which a participant uses skis to glide on snow.
Well long time ago, early skiers would use 1 long pole or spear instead of 2 like you see today.
Well I'm not sure if they do this anymore but the bottom of the skis used to be covered with animal skin to aid the traction against the snow which helped improve speed.
There is actually a lot of events and most of them are recognized by the IOC (International Olympic Committee) and the FIS (International Ski Federation).
It sure is!  It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger.
Yeah mostly, it's actually owned by Facebook.
It was purchased in 2015 the same year that it allowed it's users to upload full size photos instead of only square.
I don't know much about it just that its a team sport with eleven players but I always hope the Saints win!
Yes and I know points are scored by getting the ball into the other teams endzone to touchdown then everyone cheers and drinks!
Like most sports what ever team has the most points at the end wins!
The first football game was played between college teams in 1869 so it has been popular a long time
American football originates from football and rugby
Yeah!! Lol my favorite is probably the second one because I tend to get lost after that one, it gets so complicated with Voldemort and Ron and Hermione that I still enjoy watching but tend to get confused about whats going on! Oh and Hagrid, I like him haha. 
I read the first and second books lol. Maybe thats why I understand them more. The books have actually sold more then 500 million copies! The best selling book series ever.!
I was young when I read them like maybe 10 or so. My parents were okay with it but I have heard that some parents became very concerned regarding the dark tone the later books included along with the graphic violence as well. I dont personally find them to be too bad though. 
I think they started off that way but wound up attracting more of an adult audience as well. They are definitely symbolic milestones of modern young adult books.
Not really a big fan. Are you? They are an American hard rock band originally from California. 
They formed in 1985, from Los Angeles!
They actually first signed in 1986 to Geffen Records!
Their debut album reached number one on the Billboard, with their famous song of Sweet Child o' Mine!
I'm not sure, but Slash from the band has released three solo albums, one in 2014.
the order of the phoenix was my favorite
its actually the first book to talk about the magic community in britain 
the land oz written in 1900 does that too
id defiantly say harry potter
I love bees too, very crucial little beings. Without their production and storage of honey, we wouldn't have breathable oxygen for everyone.
I actually have a grandfather who practices Beekeeping, he sells the honey from his colonies at the local fresh market!
It\'s actually very safe, his beehives are all enclosed and actually bees are very smart, they would never sting their "keeper" because they know he\'s beneficial to them.
My granfather finds that sage helps them to remain calm. As long as no new bees are introduced, a honey bee colony is usually incredibly peaceful. 
Like Dream Theatre, Shadow Gallery, that sort of thing?
I know a bit more about Shadow Gallery to be honest - the comic they took their name from (V for Vendetta) is one of my absolute favourites
Yes! I loved the film adaptation too
It is! Since it's 3rd season its attracted the most 18-49 year old viewers of any broadcast or cable series!
Well the main guy, Rick Grimes, wakes up in the hospital from a coma and finds out that the whole world has been overrun by zombies or "walkers".
In the United States it's shown exclusively on AMC while internationally it's shown on Fox International Channels.
well it is considered a sport or a leisure activity where a player rolls a ball towards a target
the max score is 300, where you can achieve this by getting 12 strikes in a row
you can play in teams or an individual in games such as ten-pin, nine-pin, candlepin, and five-pin bowling, which can happen indoor or outdoor. 
yea the pin versions of bowling is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface is the most played
I love green as well. When everything outside is green, it is usually nice and warm out, and not freezing cold.
Yeah and what is worse bout winter is all the snow, sleet, and hail. I love the rain in the summer.
I remember one winter the hail was quarter sized ice pellets, and many people's care were ruined.
That sounds like hell. I do hate it also when the water is frozen and turns to ice, you can't drive anywhere.
Speaking of water,There is water on Mars. It's all frozen and visible at the north polar ice cap.
I love it!  I love watching it burst as the hot air as the hot air expands.
I love it at the movies.  People have been eating popcorn since at least 3600 bc
yes.  corn was domesticated in mexico 9000 years ago!
Popcorn used to be called pearls or nonpareil
Hi! Our conversation is about Marketing
I think Marketing has a place in a business as long as they aren't pop up ads.
I do like super bowl commercials they are pretty good.
Ha yeah it is obscene how much they pay. I always like the budlight ones. What about you what super bowl commercial did you like 
I know there is a lot of Harry Potter fandom where people write fan fiction and do role playing.
That's interesting. I always liked the core friendship between Harry Potter, Hermione and Ron Weasley. I know Universal Studios has a Harry Potter attraction.
Yes, Daniel Radcliffe is a great actor. Interesting how Harry Potter has attracted a wide adult audience and younger readers.
I know the Harry Potter series was criticized for the dark tone as the books progressed. Even the films had some graphic or violent moments.
I'm not a huge fan of American football, or the gridiron. 
American football actually originated from rugby football.
Yes! And the first match was played in 1869 between 2 college teams.
Yes, its been around for quite a while. SInce the mid 19th century in Britain
That's true. Football is also popular in Canada. There are 11 players on each team.
J.K. Rowling, she's real famous in america, although it's highly debated whether there are occult or religious connotations to her works
The first one released in June of 1997, seems like it was yesterday, that's so crazy. They were the talk of recess at my school as a child. Every kid wanted them for their birthday.
I've seen a good number of them, but I am horrible with continuity so I never did finish them. Do you like The Beatles? Sir James Paul McCartney is one of my idols.
You're not missing much, it's cliche, but reading the books is the real journey. The Beatles were a do no wrong English group. Honestly their best songs to me are from their White album
I sure can!  Dirty Jobs premiers Mike Rowe who gets tangled in all sorts of jobs that are far from the type youd ever want!  Messy, Gross, Disgusting etc...
Well the show was produced by Pilgrim Films & Television which originally premiered three pilot episodes back in November 2003.
Well the show made a total of eight seasons, all up until September 12, 2012.  
Mythbusters premiered its first episode on January 23 2003, busting all sorts of fun myths through science!
I go at least a few times a month :) All the times I\'ve been bowling though, I\'ve only got one "turkey" getting 3 strikes in a row.
I didn't hear it until I got one and it showed up on the screen lol. I just try to knock down as many pins as I can (of course :)
Well there are professional and unprofessional leagues, but I just play it as a hobby. I'm not good enough to be in a league.
I understand that. I do usually go with the same group of friends, but we don't have a consistent enough schedule to compete.
It's not hard to get. The offense, or the team controlling the ball, attempts to advance down the field by running with and passing the ball while the defense tries to stop them.
Honestly, do we really need to know much other than whoever has the most points at the end wins? You will get the yelling, booing and cursing because people get very involved.
I honestly don't think so, not to me. I more enjoy just getting together with people, watching the teams I like play, and rejoicing when they win.
Well next time, just mention that American football has been around since 1869, then you will seem knowledgable!
Yeah! It's a recreational activity and a competitive winter sport for gliding on snow. Have you ever been?
Well modern skiing evolved from beginnings in Scandinavia, so winter originally. Have you watched it on the Olympics?
Yes! Yeah cross-country skiing was one of the first five sports in the winter olympics!
Yes I think it's cool and some of my male friends did it in college for the intense physical activity. . 
For sure and it is an excellent source of physical fitness.
Sounds fun! Do the competitions factor into fitness culture also?
That is very true. I love watching fitness and figure competitions of all types so this interests me a lot.
You've probably heard a few songs off their debut album, Appetite for Destruction. Their only number one song, Sweet Child o' Mine came from that album.
They' formed in 1985 in California! Isn't that unbelievable!?
The original bandmates were Axl Rose on vocals, lead guitarist Slash, bassist Duff McKagan, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin and drummer Steven Adler.
I know they've done at least four. The did Appetite for Destruction, G N' R Lies and Use Your Illusion I and II. All of their albums were huge successes! 
It's the third largest island in Europe
in 2011 the population was 6.6 million
It was covered in thick woodlands during the middle ages
Northern Ireland is good, it's also part of England.
Oh yes, you can see a lot of green in nature. Green is between blue and yellow on the color  spectrum.
Mine is green as well. Mostly because I'm of Irish descent and it has a long historical tradition of being our color.
Not recently. I have some pride as being an Irish American, despite only having partial ancestry from Ireland.
Oh wow, that's surprising! I was told by my grandfather that I may have some American Indian too, but I'm not sure about that.
It\'s funny how Americans mix up "Indian" and "Native Americans"! That misconception still lives on.
Me too, I like the more modern versions of cardigans that have no buttons and the ones that hang open, Do you have a favorite colored cardigan? 
Thats a good color choice, I have one that was made in a machine, But I do prefer the hand-knitted ones if I can find them.
Yes I know some types of knitted cardigans that has an open front can go for thousands of dollars, Its crazy. 
Ive had some luck with finding a few at the local Goodwill but its a rare find indeed, It just seems people arent hand knitting them anymore sadly. 
You and me both, I have been snowboarding quite a few times. But I now think skiing may be a bit of a better fit.
That makes sense. Not a lot of snow sports going on there! You know, the first depiction of a skier with ski poles dates all the way back to 1741?
Absolutely! For a long time the skier would wear a long straight ski on one leg for sliding, and on the other would ear a short ski for kicking and gaining momentum.
It might be because its commonly associated with merchants and bankers!
No but it is part of the RGB color model.
It has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.
I know that Medical billings is a payment practice in the USA.
Medical bills are not required by law to take any exams or anything like that.
They do not even have to know how to bill medically. They do not have to take the CMRS or RHIA, they could just be making up how much stuff costs.
There is a certification school, a one week class. That is about it.
Not really, before all billing was done on paper. Now however, a lot is done electronically which has helped at least keep track of claims and records.
It was always one of the easier colors to remember as far as mixing paints.  yellow and blue makes green.
Yes many shades of green are named after plants or trees.  i have always loved the color greee
Also if you are interested in a science lesson..LOL..plants are green b/c of the chemical Chlorophyll
But what about the fact that Chlorophyll is any of the several green pigments that is found in cyanobacteria and the chloroplasts of algae and plants?  That's something I just read. LOL
several minerals also have a green color.  Like an emerald which I really love!
Same here, I've never tried skiing whether it was for recreation or for transport.
Exactly. That's why I just stick to watching competitive skiing occasionally.
Not really, but it has been around for so long, or about five millennia.
I know, it's crazy! It has evolved drastically since it was made in Scandinavia. 
Yeah I really don't know if I could ever live there, it is ridiculously cold over in Scandinavia. No wonder they used skiis.
Do you like Rodney Mullen's work at all? He's like a pioneer of pro skateboarding.
A lot of people consider him the most influential skater because of how many tricks he has invented in his time.
Yeah he invented the Kickflip, it used to be called the magic flip but I guess that didn't sound cool enough lol.
Yeah some of my favorite tricks are freestyle tricks done from a stationary position, it's just so much harder to pull off.
Yeah, he formed that band in 1987 as part of the Seattle music scene which then became known as grunge
Apparently they had a few songs that were a success as they were labeled the flagship band of Generation X
What's kinda funny is that Cobain didn't like it - thought his message and vision and been misinterpreted by the public. - go figure!
Calling is the hardest thing to master. Everything else is pretty easy. Ive been a few times. It can be really fun, and really frustrating at the same time
Well honestly the snake or spider is probably more beneficial to the ecosystem then a duck honestly. The duck and geese populations are very well managed and controlled through hunting. There are a lot more benefits then not to hunting waterfowl.
Hunting in general funds a lot of conservation programs. Provides thousands of pounds of meats to food banks and shelters. Controls invasive species of some animals in different parts of the world. Generates revenue for towns in popular hunting areas and the list goes on really.
Duck is really dark meat, and can be greasy. All depends on how and who prepares it. Ive had some that taste great, and others not so much. But if it comes down to being hungry or not, id eat it every day. 
Me too! I have owned 6 since 2001, They are such great dogs! my friends call me the goldendoodle expert lol. 
Well The original idea of the cross breed of this dog was to develop guide dogs suitable for visually impaired individuals with really bad allergies so that makes them the perfect companion dog. 
Yep and the are also bred so that their coats dont shed like other dogs, which reduces pretty much all dander that would make you sneeze. 
Yep and if goldendoodles arent your thing poodles are also considered to be greatly hypoallergenic just like this breed. 
Yep and they come in all kinds of sizes like the famous Standard sized Poodle, Miniature Poodle and even a small Toy Poodle.
I am Irish but not from Ireland. Ireland is the third largest island in Europe.
The population of Ireland is about 6.6 million, the second most populous in Europe.
I haven't but I heard they have lush vegetation due to it's climate which is free of extremes in temperature.
I recently found out there are twenty six extant mammal species native to Ireland. I love animals so that was cool to me.
I'm actually not sure, I just know the amount. I would love to visit Ireland one day!
They are popular among adults and well as younger readers of modern young adult literature,
That would be fun. The series had some criticism about the dark tone as well as some graphic violence it depicts.
I agree. They have sole over 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best selling series in history and they are written in 82 languages.
It was released on June 26th 1997 and has amazing acclaim and success
In 1910 a man named Eugen Sandow is said to be the first modern western body builder and used dietary control to enhance muscle growth.
In October 199e the dietary supplement the health and ed act came signed into practice.
Body Builder Earle Liederman was in favor of Beef extract or beef juice as a way to initiate muscle recovery.
The books are great! There are seven novels in total. They were written by J.K. Rowling
I do consider them better that the movies, They were initially released on June 26th, 1997 to immense popularity.  
I'm not sure if she is or not, she is definetely a millionaire though, the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide!
They have! it is the best selling book series in history! You should really give it a read.
Yeah you need to buy them at least to have them on your shelf. 
Me too! They were the NFL's first modern era expansion team.
I am not sure but there are multiple professional leagues in North America.
The NFL, AFL and CFL.
 Cycling is the use of bicycles for transport, recreation, exercise
Bikers and cyclists are people who  engage in cycling 
cycling" also includes the riding of unicycles, tricycles, quadracycles, recumben
 Cycling is widely regarded as a very effective and efficient mode of transportation 
He is rather decent, I know he was born along time ago. I think 1935
I would say his greatest hit would be his last one, where he hit the ground when he died. I do know his career started back in 1954.
Elvis died young, sometime in the 1977s
His fans was anyone that loved heartbreak, he actually had a single about it.
I think the title was heartbreak hotel. It came out in 1956.
Yeah, it's definitely weird to think that way. The balls usually have three holes and the heavier it is, the better. 
I'd agree, but there are such things as duckpin bowling where the balls are smaller, lighter, and without holes.
I hear its very popular in croatia and Bosnia. 
I think it's just the traditional design to have three finger holes. It also probably helps with grip. 
I do not hunt, but most people who do hunt do it in order to get food, to get rid of predators, for trade or as a recreation. 
How funny. I'm a vegetarian, too! People become vegetarian for health reasons, economic ones, preferences , cultural reasons and more. It is good that he eats the meat, to me that is different than people just doing it for fun. 
It is the same with my husband. He's not a hunter but he eats meat, but he does that himself. The kids are vegetarian, too. We do a ovo-lacto vegetarian diet so we do have dairy and eggs but no meat. 
Yes, we have milk and cheese, too. I would also love to be vegan, but I know what I can manage. The kids do great with it. Since I raised them vegetarian, they couldn't even imagine eating meat. 
Good for her! In most developed countries, you don't need it for survival. There is so much food we can eat, even at restaurants. 
I do too. It is also known as gridiron football and is a team sport played by two teams of 11 players.
Yeah, the offense controls the football and attempts to advance the field by running or passing.
The offense has to advance ten yards in four plays, which are actually called downs. Otherwise the other team gets the ball.
Points are scored by advancing the ball to the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or field goal.
Not sure when it was invented but I definitely play the sport.  I love throwing the ball down the lane.
There are lots of forms.  I love Ten-pin bowling.  
There is five and nine pin also. Those are more popular outside of the U.S.
Interesting question.  Do you bowl yourself?
On St. Patrick's day I always wear green!  That holiday has been celebrated on the North American continent since the late 18th century
 Green is such a fun color! The most green in nature comes from  chlorophyll, a chemical that allows plants to photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.
 Hedges are green as wll - they are usually used  as windbreaks to improve conditions for the adjacent crops
If hedges are clipped and maintained they are also a simple form of topiary.
Me to fresh off the grill with onions, ketchup and mustard it is delicious how do you like yours?
I still like hot dogs even though hot dogs are made from caribou meat in Alaska.
Yes but some are still not all beef they add other ingredients especially the hot dogs that are in corn dogs just a fun fact.
That is good to know then because all beef is important it is a high source of protein which we need.
Beef is also a main source for steaks like sirlon and rib eye etc.
Jazz is just so soothing and that classical music sound mixed with blues makes a great fun night at the festivals. Have you been to one before?
Do you go to jazz clubs they are like the festivals but better people be swing dancing and singing blues notes. 
It is a style of dancing that was originated for jazz music the moment is very interesting and fun. 
Oh hey there!  I like Hi-5? 
It' an Australian children musical team from 1998! What all do you do?
Its pretty much all the same :) I love Australian TV.  Especially Play School.
A bit!  It was made by Joy Whitby.
Not sure but several minerals have a green color.
Yes, the emerald, which is colored green due to its chromium content.
Green is very common in nature, especially in plants.
The largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll.
Really what was it like cheering for teams as a form of encouragement. 
It must have been fun chanting slogans to intense physical activity. 
Did you ever do competitive cheer-leading? The contain a lot of components like tumbling, dance, and stunting. 
That's cool! Apparently cheerleading orgionated in the US and has about 1.5 million participants. 
There are also about 100,000 particants around the world in place like Canada, China, and Europe. 
The tradition of west african and european were shown on the music of cuba. It is very unique.
It was the richest and present regional musics from various parts of the world.
Yes, the cuban missile crisis was also termed as the caribbean crisis.
In cuban missile crisis, the people started their day with cuban music. It will promote the cold war between them.
Yup, they are healthcare professionals in the pre-hospital environment.
Exactly! They also make autonomous decisions on the emergency care of these patients.
I agree, I'm glad that the title of Paramedic is protected in some countries.
Well in some countries it is a protected title and accountable to a professional regulatory body.
Hey, well I actually grew up in an area and have fished for cod before. They belong with the genus "Gadus", and they\'re quite large. Have you seen a whole one?
Well there are two main types, the Atlantic cod and the Pacific cod. I think you an guess where each type lives? :)
Well traditionally is can be cured in salt, which preserves the fish. Have you ever eaten fresh cod? 
Haha, I mean cooked fresh! Not raw, although I'm sure some people do. When it's cooked or fired it has a delicious mild flavor and flaky flesh.
Yeah, that makes sense, apparently psychologists have studies colors and their effects on human behavior.
Yes, they seem harsh compared to blue.
For blue, some effects are serenity, trust, and security.  For green, some effects are health, hope, and nature.
i use it for sharing photos and videos
a decent amount. you know it is owned by facebook?
it was created in 2010 and only available on the iphone at first
i believe it was the iphone 4 in 2010
i have never used an android phone before
I do too because of plants  and it' abundant in nature and all around us 
my parents are Irish, we Irish love the color so much we adopted it as our national color
It's amazing how St. Patrick's day is know all over the world. Good to know alot of creatures use green too
If chlorophyl  were to be a person, I would tell it thank you because it helps us get green for the plants
that's awesome! I love skiing! It can be a means of transportation , arecreational activity \\3262+
Skiing has a history of almost five millenia! Can you believe that?
It is! It's funny that early skiers used only one long pole or spear. Not two poles
Skiing events are recognized by the International Olympic Committe and also the International Ski Federation
that's true! I grew up in Soviet Union, our winters were really long and snowy
I'm sorry to hear that.  It's very hard to lose an important relationship.  People become very attached to each other and really do feel pain when relationships are lost.
Talking to your friends and family can help, it isn't good to bottle up emotions.  Maybe they can help you move on.
That's a good idea.  Developing coping skills can really help to reduce stress overall.  You may learn a lot of helpful tools.
That's true.  Try not to blame yourself, it's easy to fall down that hole and end up in a depressed state of mind.
Take care of yourself!  Eating right and getting exercise is also key to improving your mood.
If I'm being honest..I have never really listened to Guns N' Roses.  I am reading about them and see that they are abbreviated as GNR?
I am sure I have.  I terrible at remembering names of songs and groups they go with.  I see they were formed in 1985 in Los Angeles, California?
Yes, I think I have.  I see it says they released 6 studio albums and sold more than 100 million records worldwide.  thats great!
I believe I have heard of both of those actually.  They are the 41st best selling artist of all time
Most bands do it would seem.  I saw that "Sweet Child of Mine" was the bands only single to reach number one one the "Billboard" Hot 100
I only know his music, like Heartbreak Hotel which was his first #1 hit
He did, with his producer Sam Philips at Sun Records they wanted to bring African American music to a wider audience
That was a song he remade, it was originally written and recorded by Carl Perkins in 1955
Quite a lot but he gave each of them his own style of backbeat-driven fusion of country and blues which began rock and roll
Yes when it launched in 2010 it was exclusively for ios.
Yes the apps popularity caused an Android version to be released in 2012
Users can add hashtags to their posts to personalize them.
The users themselves add the hashtags.  It allows them to link it with content of a similar subject.
Azure is good looking to! i like green better because several minerals like the emerald have green color!
Yes i used to live in Arizona and the grand canyon was there, and also every other desert beatufill rocks all over the state
Well you need to go to the grand canyon for rock searching, is so long up to wide and attains a depth of over a mile!
I never read the books they was so huge but I seen all the movies of the young wizard I loved them.
I liked Harry Potter and the Dealthy Hallows I saw that one first before actually watching them in order what is your favorite?
I loved the school of Hogwarts it was so different and the teachers and staff made the movie great as well I wish they come out with more.
Me to but for now I am into Marvels really heavy now do you watch any of the series on television or read the books?
I have not, it does seem interesting though. It's neat how it used to be about hunting/combat historically, but now it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.
I would like to try it some day. It dates way back to 10,000-9000 BC, it\'s definitely something much older than most modern day "sports"!
Indeed it is. Some of the oldest bows discovered appear to come from Holmeg\xc3\xa5rd swamp in Denmark.
Oh I would imagine, as with many things in life, they evolve over time to become more efficient and/or user friendly.
I do any I make them. Game Design is the art of applying design and aesthetics to create a game
Same and Increasingly, elements and principles of game design are also applied to other interactions
From what i heard Game design creates goals, rules and challenges to define a board game
Well Academically, game design is part of game studies
Yes they do, they can cheer for competition, for entertain an audience or just to motive sports teams!
Oh no, I could handle chanting slogans but there is no way I could perform any of the intense stunt activities they do..I'd break many bones ha
I bet they were neat to watch, dancing, jumping, tumbling and cheering around. How long did the competitions last?
Oh that isn't too long, it would be super exciting to see them live! I need to go see some cheerleaders live since it originated in The United States!
I just learned recently that the stone is highly included meaning that it is not very strong at all.  It breaks easily, apparently.
Except diamonds that have the highest hardness.  Hard to shatter thoses!
Then I wonder why diamonds are used in a lot of industrial applications such as cutting tools?  
I love green. It is between blue and yellow on the spectrum of visible light.
I bet it does. The largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, a chemical produced in plants.
Yes and many animals have adapted to their green surroundings by taking a green hue as camouflage.
An interesting thing about them is their eyes are independently mobile. They can train each one on different objects.
In a sense yes, The daughter of Ralph Lauren had decided to create the largest candy store, inspired greatly by Willy Wonka & The Chocolate Factory
A vast amount. They stock 7,000 candies from all over the world
Lauren wanted to merge Pop culture and art with the Candy culture. So it's a bit more modern sounding. There's always M&M's!
How about Butlers? They are an Irish Chocolate manufacture and make very fine chocolates
I hear the same
Motivation - helps prove someone's actions and desires
Yes, motivation helps direct one's behavior and actions
Well a motive helps prompt someone to act in a certain way
Yes true, but disclosure is important when talking about the range of topics, especially among two individuals
Indeed. It is the color between blue and yellow, happens to be my current favorite color, and my eye color
It's used a lot in paintings and is one of the additive primary colors
Chlorophyll is actually the largest 'green' contributer in nature!
Yup, and some creatures even use it as camouflage due to how common it is. That's pretty cool. I wish I could do that
Not only that, but there are a lot of green-colored minerals too. You don't think about it as much, but they are there
Wow you're quite a skilled bowler, you must have gotten many turkeys in your life time, also known as three consecutive strikes in a row.
I believe some people call four strikes in a row a "hambone". How odd.
Well I know that past 3 strikes they sometimes just add the word bagger to the number of strikes, so five strikes in a row is called a five-bagger, I guess that's kind of weird.
That's nice! Apparently it's evoked by light and has a dominant wavelength of about 495570 nm? Pretty wild, right?
Yeah, I've heard domestic dogs can only see in black and white. I don't have a dog however.
Nice! Labradors are super cute! Apparently they're pretty popular dogs in Canada, the UK, and the US.
I used to be really into bowling, which is an activity where you roll or throw a bowling ball towards a target.
I had a lot of fun with it back then too. It is one of the major types of throwing sports today, which really didn't surprise me.
Yeah exactly. The most common is pin bowling, which is where you throwing the ball to knock over pins.
Yeah, all you do is throw the ball at some pins to knock them over so it's really easy to pick up even if you aren't good.
I used to be so terrible, out of the maximum score of 300 I would sometimes barely get 100.
Well, I think first of all you need to be clear about why you want to work out. What's the incentive, or what's the negative incentive you are trying to avoid?
I actually lost 35 pounds last year. Now at my ideal weight. I found I was really motivated when I kept track of the weight loss. 
It took almost all year. I used MyFitnessPal to log my calories every day and to keep track of my weight. I lost at a sensible rate. 
I pretty much eliminated processed foods and focused on "whole" foods -- meats, fruits, vegetables. I used Whole30 as a guide, others like the ketogenic diet. 
I think ketogenic is too hard to sustain. Look at Whole30 if you\'re interested. You only do it for 30 days as a "re-set" for your diet. The key is really good nutrition, and eliminating junk. 
Its really famous, it has a history of almost five millennia, i have tried it once and i didnt like it
modern skiing has evolved from beginnings in Scandinavia, i have tried it there, but i like their beer and cheese more :D
Yes, nowdays its made from titanium and other modern elements, word "ski" is one of a handful of words Norway has exported to the world
There is also skiing in Finland that uses Asymmetrical skis, i dont know their benefit tho
No but I like trail riding too.  I love going on different trails to try them out!
Same here.  I have used our local bus services where I live to try out new places since our buses have racks on the front.
I understand that.  There are intercity bus services that travel from city to city like greyhound I have thought of looking into as well.
Yeah they are and with Greyhound it goes to over 3800 places in North America.  I think it seems like a cheap way to see the country.
I like that you can apply digital filters to your images. I think it makes the images look much more professional.
Well, it was originally launched in 2010 for iOS devices. A few years later, it came to Android, and then the website appeared.
You're right, it is owned by Facebook! I like that you can link photos in your Facebook and Instagram accounts. Makes life easier.
Yes, it's nice that they're constantly updating Instagram. I remember when you could only upload photos as squares.
I like primary colors like Blue too.
Yes, chlorophyll in plants is an amazing substance
Chlorophyll is used by plants to make chemical energy from the sun.
Yes, prey often color themselves green to adapt and hide
It does look like it's misspelled. Like how they spell colour in Europe looks funny.
Different cultures drink different spiced teas. After water, tea is the most popular drink in the world.
They used it in the Shang dynasty of China as a medicinal drink.
The real name for lavender is actually Lavandula and is a species of the mint family?
I am! It's one of the major forms of throwing sports, although I've personally never thrown my bowling ball :p
Yeah that's three consecutive strikes. A hambone is four consecutive strikes.
There's also a target variation of bowling, where you try to get the ball as close to a target as you can rather than knocking down pins
Yeah! The ground you play on is different, too. It's grass or gravel
It is beautiful. It's the second largest island in the British Isles. Great Britain is the largest.
It was about 6.6 million in 2011. It was ranked the second most populous island in Europe.
I really don't know with all those people. A bit under 4,8 million live in the Republic of Ireland alone. Norther Ireland has about 1.8 million.
It certainly is. It's a shame. Such a beautiful country with lush vegetation.
No they don't. Have you ever been to Ireland?
Green is a relaxing color. Color psychology says hues can determine human behavior.
One example is that red and orange are tied to stimulants. 
A stimulant is something that increases the activity of the body, like speeding it up for instance.
Yes, the adrenal gland produces hormones which are like steroids. 
I sure can!, John Ray Grisham Jr.is an American bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist and hes best known for his popular legal thrillers. You gotta read the, they are awesome.
Yes hes 63 today, And as of 2012, his books have sold an astounding 275 million copies worldwide.
Actually yes, one of his books were adapted into a 1993 feature film of the same name, starring Tom Cruise, and a 2012 TV series which "continues the story of attorney Mitchell McDeere and his family 10 years after the events of the film and novel."
I think he grew up around a city called fourth Chickasaw Bluff, south of the confluence of the Wolf and Mississippi rivers.
YOu should check out a book called The Firm, its a really good read, It blew my mind after I read it, it will have you on the edge of your seat! 
Did you go through a breakup? Broken heart is often a metaphor used for an intense emotional pain
Im sorry to hear that.  Emotion pain if severe enough can cause actual physical damage to the heart
Social attachment and the pain system encourage people to keep close contact with people when they lose relationships
I hope you get through it.  Many cultures experience the same things and describe it the same way and having the same feelings
I agree. The offense, which is the team controlling, has to charge into the opponents head first!
I prefer offense since the feeling when you get to the end zone for a touchdown is so good.
Yes it is! Its even harder due to the football rules all the time which you have to follow.
You're right. Princeton, under rules based on the association, is already considering adding more rules!
I like celebrating Christmas and watching Christmas movies, and listening to carols.
Oh me too! Interestingly, when it is winter in the Northern Hemisphere, it is summer in the Southern Hemisphere!
Its because of the equator and the north and south poles. The word winter comes from the European root "wend", which relates to water.
Well it depends. Different cultures define different dates as the start of winter. Some people even use the definition based on strictly the weather and not the time.
You have to check them out! Their debut album, Appetite for Destruction was released in 1987 and it is epic. 
They're considered to be an American hard rock band based out of Los Angeles, California. Besides their rock stuff, they put out a bunch of great ballads!
Their only number one hit was Sweet Child o' Mine but I think they were more well known for their song Welcome to the Jungle. I'd start with those two songs!
Yes! It's a great song to work out to. I have it on my gym playlist too! I think lead singer Axl Rose has an amazing voice. 
Exactly!  And green is so common in nature - many plants are green!
Right!  It allows plants to absorb energy from light - and is essential in photosynthesis
That's because it absorbs green portions of the spectrum rather poorly, but it reflects it,  producing the green color of chlorophyll-containing tissues
It's one of the major forms of throwing sports, so I'm sure the history is rich with details. I guess it might depend on the type of bowling you're talking about.
There is pin bowling which you're probably familiar with. There is also target bowling, where the rolling surface could be grass or gravel!
In target bowling the aim is usually just to get the ball as close to a mark as possible. It would be pretty tough to roll accurately on gravel!
I prefer traditional pin bowling, though I sometimes mix it up with ten-pin, or maybe candlepin. There are so many variations of pin bowling!
ok , equity market or share market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers.
buy and sell shares of stock, bonds
Nestl\xc3\xa9 and Novartis are domiciled in Switzerland, so they may be considered as part of the Swiss stock market, although their stock may also be traded on exchange.as American depository receipts 
That's why the creation of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in 1817 was such an important moment in history. The NYSE has traded stocks since its very first day. Contrary to what some may think, the NYSE wasn't the first stock exchange in the United States. The Philadelphia Stock Exchange holds that title.
I have. Archery is really fun. A long time ago archery was mainly used for combat and hunting. Now more people shoot at targets.
Very cool. Archery can be traced back as early as 10,000 BC in the late Paleolithic where they were used to hunt.
Definitely. Scientists have found the oldest bows in a swamp in Denmark.
Wow. that is really far. He must take archery at a high competitive level. Most people into archery are in it for recreation. 
Experts in archery are sometimes referred to as a toxophilite. The actual archer is referred to as the "bowman".
Mostly about criminal law. 
Yes he does. His first novel, "A Time to Kill," was published in June 1989, and went on sell 2 million copies!
Yes actually, his book the "Firm", was adapted into a 1993 feature film of the same name, starring Tom Cruise! 
Yes he is I think, but after after the events of the film and novel he prefer spending time with his family.
"A Time to Kill," is a great novel, I really recommend you read it.
Yes, it was used historically for combat and hunting.
There is the composite bow, a traditional bow of horn, wood and sinew.
It does. Nowadays archery os mostly a competative sport/recreational activity
It is mainly a recreational acticity
Not sure but the person who participates is known as a bowman. 
I like green too, it's between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.
I like it because it reminds me of the emerald and other minerals that are of green color. The green in them is because they have chromium.
Yes exactly, Chromium is a chemical element, it's symbol is Cr, it's atomic number is 24.
It's a metal that's steely-grey, lustrous, ,hard and brittle. It makes a great polish!
That is a good question, probably hundreds. There are several minerals that are green in color such as emeralds! 
Oh so many, but I forget, Emeralds are the most common ones though. I bet you know that green has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland!
I sadly do not know either, I am merely an expert on green! Another piece of history on green is that back in the Middle Ages and Renaissance, the color was associated with merchants, bankers and the gentry.
Here's one a good one! The largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll in plants! They photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.
I love green,  Green is the color between blue and yellow
I have heard Green has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm
it was! and it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan
In fact Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue!
I love Elvis! He was the King of Rock and Roll!
Yeah! He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi and moved to Memphis when he was 13 years old.
It's beautiful there, it's on Elvis Presley Blvd in the Whitehaven community.
I saw an exhibit at the museum once that showed how Elvis Presley Blvd was originally a toll "plank Road" built in 1852.
I agree. What an admirable healthcare profession.
Yes and know. But it is a part of the Big Five personality traits model.
Yes, it is a model that describes personality traits.
I'm not sure about all of them, but I do know that conscientious is one of them.
I agree, especially since they work in emergency services.
No, but I've met some Irish people. There are are a good amount of Irish Americans (who identify as such) in the United States.
The UK is an interesting place. It's culture developed heavily out of the fact that it was an isolated Island nation.
The UK actually contains more than just Britain, but also Ireland as well. The Largest city is probably London.
Well in that case you would probably be looking for Belfast, which is the largest city of Northern Ireland, and the second largest in all of Ireland. 
It's hard to believe Ireland is the third larget Island in Europe.
Its definitely a cultured garment as it's associated with college culture from the Roaring Twenties.
I'm unsure of its earliest origins, but the earliest popularized date of the shirt I'm aware of is from the 1930s.  I'm sure it's been around for longer.
the cardigan is a knitted sweater, made of wool among other fabrics.
Well you might be fascinated to know that Britisch officers had knitted waist coasts.  I'm unsure about other sweaters though.
Well I enjoy a lot of the green in nature which mostly comes from that chlorophyll in plants.
That might be so, there are perceptions  based on color that are not really obvious like how things taste.
People can even perceive colors differently because of things you might not expect like age and gender can even influence it.
yea and popcorn kernels strong hull contains the seed's hard, starchy endosperm with 14-20% moisture, which turns to steam as the kernel is heated
well if we go all the way back, corn was first domesticated 9000 years ago in what is now known as mexico
yep, in mexico, remnants of popcorn have been found that date to around 35000 b.c. !
the popping of the kernels was achieved by hand on the stoveto through the 19th century
It really is. Although the scope of what you do can vary widely across the globe, the paraprofession in the US just recently came around in the 1970s, which most people don't know.
It varies widely. But it's a role that finds itself closely related to other healthcare positions, especially EMS roles, where you have a higher grade role, which is to say you'll be granted both more responsibility and autonomy.
We will see. I may be moving, so it could change things, as there are different models of care for EMS providers given the area they're in, and those different models can influence the scope of practice they can do in an area.
It's definitely a noble profession, as we strive to transport patients with illnesses and injuries to prevent the patients from transporting themselves and causing further harm. We aim to give them the best acute medical care!
definately 'Appetite for Destruction' released 1987. Arguably their best. Number one on the Billboard 200 a year after its release.
when first signed to geffen in 86 the lineup was axl rose on vocals, slash on lead, izzy on rythm, duff mckagan on bass and steve adler on drums. i would say slash was my favourite, even though i play bass lol
i would say so, his real name is saul hudson. Who is actually a british-american songwriter.
after slah left GNR in 96 he went on to co-found velvet revolver which only led to re-establish him as a mainstream performer during the mid to late 2000s
Yeah he is French! and in fact he is the top goalscorer of France. He played several world cups and it was pure magic.
Yeah he was a stricker, he is now retired though, he also played for Barcelona with Ronaldihno and Messi. 
Yeah he is a coach, his the second assitant coach for the Belgium national team, his present in the worldcup now.
Yeah, Belgium actually has a great team, but in the late years they havent had much luck. 
He just need some time. Broken heart  is a cross-cultural concept mostly associated with the loss of a loved one. 
That is the worse. I know how you felt. Some people can even suffer emotional pain so severe it can cause "broken heart syndrome". It can even lead to physical damage to the heart.
He has a great support system. The concept of a broken heart dates all the way back about 3000 years ago.
Talking with friends is always good. Some scientists attribute the emotional "pain" to be a sort of survival instinct.
Oh yes!  Both Ireland and Great Britain have lots of castles that play a part in its history and economics
Well Ireland is divided between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.  Northern Ireland is part of the UK
The Republic of Ireland seceded from the UK back in 1921.  It was then known as the Irish Free State.
He was Born in Aberdeen, Washington
Yeah Cobain formed the band Nirvana with Krist Novoselic and Aaron Burckhard in 1987
I think they got a new drummer, "Bleach" was released on the independent record label Sub Pop in 1989.
The new drummer was always whiney. After signing with major label DGC Records, Nirvana found breakthrough success with "Smells Like Teen Spirit"
Yes.  I use it all the time.  It\'s a lot easier than buying products at a regular "bricks-and-mortar" retailer or shopping center.
It is so much easier, especially when you live in rural locations.  I also like how you can use online shopping to compare among alternative vendors for the same product with different retailers.  
Ebates and Honey are my favorites.  You can use these tools on desktop computers, laptops, tablets, and smartphones.  Shopping is so much easier these days!
There is a browser extension to make it really easy.  Honey actually if the on like the best. 
You should.  I don\'t online shop without those tools. I\'ve earned a lot of "cash back" from these tools. They support over 2,000 online retailers.    
Green is great! it is between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.
I have read it has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by using green to blend in.
 green was the color commonly associated with merchants, bankers. So it was a color of the common man.
By far though  the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyl
Accounting is the processing and communication of financial information. It seems like serious stuff!
Accounting was established by an Italian mathematician in 1494!
Accountants or people who work in accounting must be very smart and responsible!
Accounting and financial reporting are considered synonyms as they mean the same thing.
Tony Stewart is my favorite driver in Indy, where he races sprint cars.  That passenger seat brake doesn't work, you know that, right?
Maybe it will make you feel better to know that Formula One got its name from having a set of rules (formula) to which cars must conform.  Increases safetly.
He is right.  I've been to one, but they have tvs set up.  The cars go fast though because there is minimum weight that includes driver.
Right.  I'm going to take lessons on driving, so maybe your other half will see me race someday!
There was races for automobiles as soon as they recorded as early as 1867.
By the 30's there had been special racing cars created.
Sounds right. The first organized contest ran on april 28 1987 by chief editor of Paris Publication "Le Velocipede Monsieur Fossier which I find very interesting.
Yeah. Fords are great. American made. There are now numerous different categories, each with different rules and regulations for each class of cars and events.
Yes. The first competition considered to be a worl competition was organized from Paris to Rouen and written about by The Parisian magazine known as Le Petit Journal.
Hi there! Let's talk about the popular musician Elvis Presley? .
Yeah ..He's referred to as the king of rock 'n' roll in the 80's
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, 
Yes, he's versatile. He began his music career in 1954. with the sun records
He recorded at least 24 songs at Sun Studio in Memphis.A blend of rhythm and jazz
me too, they are flying insects closely related to wasps and ants, known for their role in pollination 
We research says that  Bees are a monophyletic lineage within the superfamily Apoidea and are presently considered a clade, called Anthophila
No buddy, They are found on every continent except Antarctica
Any place that contains insect-pollinated flowering plants is where you'll find them.
Hi, do you enjoy Elvis Presley
He was born Elvis Aaron Presley!  I actually really like his whole name.
His first name is definetly better for someone who is named the "King of Rock and Roll"
No, but I love all of his music. My dad had us listening to it growing up. He actually was born in tupelo, MS and then he actually relocated to the famous Memphis, tn when he was 13
Yep, memphis though is where his music career began in 1954 recording at the famous Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips
You sound like you are dealing with the oh so fun broken heart.  It can cause emotional and even physical pain.
If it is mental suffering, sometimes you just need time.
Emotional pain that is so severe can actually cause damage to the heart.  It is called broken heart syndrome.
The term actually goes back over 1000 years and is noted to be across several cultures
It's definitely interesting. It's also often known as brain surgery.
It's really difficult. In different countries, there are different requirements for an individual to legally practice neurosurgery,
Yes of course. For most countries neurosurgeon training requires a minimum period of seven years after graduating from medical school even
Neurosurgeons may choose to pursue additional training in the form of a fellowship, after residency or in some cases, as a senior resident
"The King"\'s music career began in Memphis, Tennessee.  His producer, Sam Philips, wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.  He became popular quite quickly.  
Yes.  His music was not always accepted by the masses.  The youth truly enjoyed his uptempo, backbeat-driven music.  Elvis as a pioneer in fusing country music with rhythm and blues.  His style was original and unique for its time!
In 1956, Elvis released his first single called "Heartbreak Hotel."  It instantly became a number one hit.  His popularity led him to tv appearances and even movies.  
It was actually inspired by a news article about a suicide of a lonely man who jumped from a hotel room.  Most people don't know that.  
Yeah perhaps... since they were founded in Detroit in 1989, maybe their edgy style influenced people the wrong way. Do you prefer another rap group?
Ah ok. You should give ICP another shot. They won 2 platinum and 5 goal albums. That's pretty good!
Yep, but I agree with you. Some of their dedicated fans are a little odd... calling themselves Juggalos. There are tens of thousands of them!
Yeah I have listened to his music. Heartbreak Hotel was a number one hit in the US.
That was a very popular song. He didn't write it though, but then again most artists don't.
Oh that's cool, that would have been fun to see. Elvis grew up in Memphis from the age of 13, have you been there?
Yeah im still involved actually its till a team cheering as a form of encouragement.
Somtimes its is more of a intense physical activity now-a-days but sometimes we still do chants.
Well it originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America.
Its mostly females still but in the late 18th century we saw a boom of young males being rebellious.
Well since it is used to entertain the audience, or for competition if your good you can win some money.
Native American Party, renamed the American Party in 1855 and commonly in the city
Know Nothings" believed a "Romanist" conspiracy was afoot to subvert  politically organize native-born Protestants .
the  Cod is the common name for the genus "Gadus" of demersal fishes, belonging to the family.
yeah i all Southern Ocean, also known as the Antarctic Ocean or the Austral Ocean,
The books have sold over 500 million copies worldwide, so they certainly are popular!
Harry Potter and the sorcerers stone release June 26th 1997!
Me too, they read me the book when I was in first grade!
Yes! It is one of the major throwing sports.
Well, if you get 12 strikes in a row, you will achieve the maximum score of 300
Yes! The Professional Bowlers Association has a tour for ten-pin bowling, which is a popular type of bowling.
Well, there are many common bowling types. Such as, ten-pin, nine-pin, candlepin, duckpin, and five-pin bowling
i do the ones that requires the development of the arms, legs, and shoulders
for a long time now,  Each country has its own national governing body
it is affiliated to FIG.very good one
Not all cultures have winter at the same time.
In the northern hemisphere it will be winter and then in the southern hemisphere it's summer. 
Well the traditions of Christmas are different around other countries so I guess they could be used to it.
Did you hear that Axl Rose is singing for AC/DC these days? Pretty wild how the old rockers keep on going.
I really like the old AC/DC stuff with Bon Scott. I haven't heard Axl's take on it yet though, I should probably give it a listen to see if it holds up.
I'm not much of a guitarist, but my brother is. He is a big fan of the blues style of AC/DC because it lends itself well to swing dancing (his other musical hobby).
I've never been so musically talented, but I'm interested in the transition from Blues to Rock and Roll. 
Are you a fan of heavy metal?
Accounting is a measurement process.Do you study accounting at school?
 Financial reporting and accounting as synonymous as a field of study?
Yeah! It has to do with complex calculation of various items on the Debit and Credit column according to the  Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB
Its an interesting subject though.All you need is to understand the principles of entry. Credit the giver,Debit the receiver states by the' (AICPA) Accounting Principles Board (APB) on   
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the spectrum. It's so pretty.
Many creatures have adapted to green environments by turning green themselves.
Exactly. In the Middle Ages green was the color associated with merchants and bankers.
It definitely contributed to money being green. There is also a long tradition of green being the color of Ireland.
Chihuahuas are some of my least favorite dogs but I love all dogs. I just don't like how they are the smallest dog breed.
Irish Wolfhounds are up there, but they don't range as much in colors or coat length like chihuahuas do.
Neither did I! I also never knew how convoluted the history of them was.
Well the origin of the breed is surrounded by many theories and mystery.
It is! The only real thing we know is that the breed originated in Mexico.
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis
Many types of competitive skiing events are recognized by the International Olympic Committee 
The bottom of the short ski was either plain or covered with animal skin to aid this use, while the long ski supporting the weight of the skier 
Cross-country skiing is widely practiced as a sport and recreational activity,but its also a means of transport
I like American football okay. I prefer college football, the in between of high school and pro football.
I favor the Florida Gators
Yes, they were at their peak with Tim Tebow and beat Alabama in the SEC Championship Game. They've struggled since then.
Yes, a lot of people think he's the greatest college coach ever.
I wish I could go to the Academy Drama School in London but it closed in 2007.
I'm not sure but it was founded by Tim and Judith Reynolds in 1985 as the Evening Academy of Dramatic Art
Either would be great but I would prefer to be in movies
Love it.  Especially sweet popcorn.  Aparently some strains of corn are actually cultivated specially as popping corns.
I agree with you.  Experts have found that the popping of the kernels happened by people as far back as the early 19th Century! So it not just a modern day food.
True.  Nachos are ok i dont mind them covered in cheese as a snack the odd time but popcorn would always be my first choice.
Nothing better than curling up to watch a good film with your fav popcorn. After they pop they puff up to 50 times their original size.  I am now in the mood for a bag of popcorn!
John Ray Grisham Jr is best known for writing popular legal thrillers.  Do you like those kinds of books?
He does, and as of 2012 all of his books had sold over 275 million copies across the globe
9 of his books have been made into movies, including the chamber and the rainmaker.  The firm starring tom cruise was the most popular
Yea, and if you speak anything other than english, his books have been translated into 42 Languages
It's even necessary to go out and reduce the populations of deer in the forest, so that they don't overrun the other animals.
Yeah deer meat is a little tougher than beer, although that may have been my mistake for overcooking it.
LOL!  Sorry, I meant to write "beef" instead of beer.  But I did drink a beer at the same time I cooked the deer meat.
I wonder if making a wheat bread sandwich with some deer meat would affect the tasteof the deer meat at all.  Would the wheat affect the flavor in any significant way.
The other plus for visiting Ireland is the climate is free of extreme temperature fluxuation
months of March to May and September to November, as the weather isn't as cold as during the winter months
I don't believe so. Thick woodlands covered the island until about the middle ages.
I'm not sure. I do know the first match of football was played in 1869, between 2 college teams.
There are so many. Especially considering all the high school, college, and professional teams.
I like the Colts. American football evolved in the US, originating from rugby.
Haha, no, football originated in the United States, and took inspiration from the sport rugby.
I tried a few times but found it wasn't for me.  I like zombie games though . How about you?  I play on the PS4.
I enjoy strategy games the most.  One of my favorites is Plants Vs. Zombies.  Have you played that one?  It's about homeowners that use plants to try and stop zombies from invading.
That's true.  It has been around for a while.  It's made it through iOS, PS3, PS4, etc.  Lots of places to play that game.  I think that you can even play it on the IPad!
Playstation 4 is my favorite place to play games.  It's the 8th generation of consoles.  I can't wait until the 9th generation!  Do you have any consoles?
Yeah well I can get with that even though Elvis died on August 16, 1977 he still lives in my heart.
Well he was into a lot of drugs I mean he had been singing since 1954 recording for Sun Records so I'm sure he was partying for at least 2 decades
With a series of chart-topping records, and being the king of rock I mean what else are you supposed to do
Consider the irony, his first sing was "Heartbreak Hotel" and he ended up with drug complications with his heart and was found in the bathroom of a hotel.
I wish I could do gymnastics! I know the sport requires flexibility, balance, agility, strength, coordination, control and endurance. I have ZERO flexibility! lol
Have you ever been involved in competitive artistic gymnastics which is the best known of events? And by the way, I would need MORE than chalk! lol
Cool! What even is your favorite? Do you like the vault, uneven bars, beam or the floor exercise?
Have you ever tried rhythmic gymnastics, trampolining and tumbling or any other FIG disciplines?
Yes and some countries call it gridiron football or simply gridiron
Points are scored by getting the ball into the other teams end zone and scoring a touchdown
Yes points can also be scored by kicking the ball through the goalposts of the other team
Football in American originated from the sport of rugby
It's a type of knitted garment that has an open front - long sleeves usually - with buttons or a tie.
The more modern versions now have no buttons and just kinda hang open - my daughters like those kind.
It seemed to initially be associated with the college culture, but it's interesting that she made it fashionable for women.
Definitely the college professor in a cardigan with elbow patches - brings back the Roaring 20s history.
that's wonderful! I have so much respect for healthcare professionals
I'm an armed guard! It's funny that in some countries paramedic is accountable to a professional regulatory body
nope. And the scope of the role varies widely across the world!
yup, for example in the UK the paramedic role has developed into an autonomous health professional
no, they have individual licence or practice
I know its also stressful for health care providers who have to submit and follow up on claims with health insurance companies, so they can receive money for the services they performed. 
Do you receive your bills on paper still?
At least medical software has made it easier to manage claims.
No, I barley started attending Certification school, so I can enter the medical billing field.
I know, its not required that I go, but its encouraged.
Harry Potter is pretty good! What's your Hogwarts housing? I'm a Hufflepuff!
Ravenclaws are pretty cool. In general I wish I did go to Hogwarts, it's such a cool school!
That's true! It'd be a little scary though since the Death Eaters would exist, same with Voldemort himself.
Oh that's true! We can use the best magic spells on them too to override them! 
I'd love to see how green it is from all of its lush vegetation due to its mild climate.
The Blarney Stone! And some of the wildlife. There are 26 species of mammal native to Ireland
I'm not sure. My grandmother was Irish and her cooking was horrible. There are a lot of people in Ireland, 4.8 million!
It's probably always a good time to visit since its climate is so temperate and mild with no extremes
yes i do because it is an event where cheer cheerleaders cheer  for their team as a form of encouragement.
Yes the activities can be chanting of  slogans to intense physical activity.
oh yea?, well when such events occur, then there need to be cheerleaders to  to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience. 
That is because cheerleading is actually a USA thing as it started there
Cheerleading could be chanting or activity.
Cheerleaders cheer for their team to root for them.
Competitive routines can be from one to three minutes.
Cheerleading was founded in the United States.
In 1997 ESPN broadcast a global Cheerleading competition.
I hear ya they can be dangerous. I love watching cheerleaders perform flips and chants.
Oh that is very serious. Good she is okay. Routines don't last long, but they incorporate dance, tumbling and such.
Yes that is correct. Cheerleading began so long ago but males wanted no part in it then.
Glad that males felt that they could be included later on. It's nice to have people cheering for you when you do a sport to give you encouragement.
yes he is attorney, author, activist and politician!
84-90 he served Mississippi House of Representatives
he practices law for ten years criminal law actually
No he defended them and he has sold 275 million books!
yes it can be careful it has a long history it goes back almost 5000 years
not sure but skiing has evolved from beginnings in scandinavia and even long ago in china
there are differnt types and techniques such as cross country skiing. where skiers rely on ther own locomotion to move across the snow.
not sure but the olympc games are considered the worlds foremost sports competition with more than 200 nations participating. 
Your correct. The last sunset was in October and the sun did not come back until March.  Different cultures define different dates as the start of winter but we called the last sundown winter. 
winter is associated with snow and freezing rain here I'm guessing it's not the same in Texas?
I lived up north for a while and it snows all year. "winter" comes from the Proto-Indo-European root "wend," but we call say it came from the native people up here. 
My mom's native American she has stores for each season.  I've been thinking about following winter and going from the Northern Hemisphere, to the southern to follow winter. Am I crazy?
The teams score points by getting the ball into the other teams end zone or through the goalpost for touchdown
Usually its a rectangular field some teams have stadiums
Yes that is how its played in American rectangular field with goal posts
There are many proven methods and one of them will work with almost all dogs.  You have to find the right one.  There's the Koehler method for example
Hugo Koehler developed it.  He was a US Navy Commander who served as military attache to Russia
Koehler received the Navy Cross for his WWI service.
I guess so!  He was rumored to be the illegitimate son of Rudolf, Crown Prince of Austria.
Yes, Khan was born circa 1162 and died in 1227. He was the founder of the Mongol Empire.
Yes, by the end of Khan's life, the Mongol Empire stretched across Central Asia and China.
Yes, he had many descendants that helped him rule much of the Eurasia continent by conquering vassal states.
I have not heard of that myth. I would not place much stock in it as meteors are rocks which would not make an ideal sword. Khan is buried in an unmarked grave somewhere.
I really like football it's an awesome american sport I like the patriots
I am very disappointed but our offense did really well advancing down the field, our running and passing game wasn't too bad.
I am not sure he was born in 1997 so I don't think he has a lot in him maybe.
haha yes I typed the wrong number. He is almost as old as the seattle seahawks since they were formed in 1976
No that you know you will not be able to sleep. American football NFL starts this weekend. College is still a month away.
32 total. I'm a bigger college football fan. It's hard to believe it evolved from rugby football.
Depends on who you ask. Teams have been playing since November 6, 1869 and not all the teams are still around. I personally love the Detroit Lions and University of Michigan Football. 
Oh really? I know auto racing is popular inamerica for nascar and formula one in other countries
No but auto racing is definitely intiguing to me with the competitions and fast cars and such
Yes, electric cars get such quick 0-60 time among other automobiles and such in auto racing
Green is the color between blue and yellow 
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize 
It has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.
wavelength (and the corresponding complementary wavelength
I like the modern version without no buttons and hangs open by design.
But the pullover does not open in front but must be "pulled over" the head to be worn.
Yes.They are stylish and practical also.
What i do know is that a Cardigan may be machine- or hand-knitted.
I used to ski when I was younger, but I switched to snowboarding. I found there was less equipment to keep track of on the mountains. 
The developers of snowboarding got inspiration from skateboarding, sledding, surfing and skiing. I also used to skateboard and surf when I was younger, but I would look a little silly skateboarding now. Have you ever gone surfing?
Do you prefer a longer or shorter board when surfing? Have you ever competed in any surf competitions?
I was never great at surfing, but I did get to go down to Brazil to surf in my younger years. It was quite an experience. 
I like them too. They're Canadian and started in 1995. Until recently I didn't know they were formed that long ago
They went through a few drummers from 1995 to 2005. I like who they have now
Haha I didn't name my kids after them. Speaking of The Beatles they are the second best-selling foreign act in the U.S. of the 200s behind The Beatles
You're probably going to be proven right. Billboard ranks them the most successful rock group of the decade
I have read the harry potter and the sorcerers stone, as i understand they are the same. 
Yes it is, then it was the harry potter and the chamber of secrets.
I want to say there are 7 in the harry potter series?
oh yes, it is my favorite series. jk rowling is a brilliant writer!
 I have not been waterfowl hunting. Do you just hunt birds that are near the water?
Are shotguns usually the go to gun for this?
I think where I live, we can only hunt at certain times of the year.
So I guess people started hunting them for food. I cannot imagine that they would taste too good.
Because there are not as many schools that offer this degree, the kids usually are competing for spots.
Usually students begin to think about their entry plan starting in the 11th grade, so it can get pretty competitive.
They are usually in a drama club by that time so they can improve their chances. It is likely they will have to go through a two step process.
I like instragram because there aren't many photo apps that are desktop and mobile with such high level of quality
I guess the owner facebook, need the ad revenue to keep it going so i guess its ok
I don't know but I know the creator Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger did a good job and nothing much have changed since 2010 when it was launched. I believe its time for Facebook to modify instagram
Yes though, I remember a particular feature that was removed after 2015, pictures staying in Square format. 
Cheerleading is a team sport with encouragement
Slogans are often chanted during the games
Yes, and some routines have intense physical activities
They can be used as motivators to an audience, too
I actually can't skate either. LOL.  I know that skiing is a poppular winter sport though for many
I love watching all the talented sking events at the olympic games
I read recently that skiing actually originated in scandinavian culture
Yes, and it actually was practiced over 100 centuries ago in what is now known as China according to ancient painting that were found
I also am a fan.  He began his career way back in 1954
Well he died in 1977, at the age of 42.  That ended is career as a singer and actor
Quite a few.  He was one of the biggest icons of the 20th century.  
There have been conflicting reports.  His first single in 1956 was Heartbreak Hotel
I really do not know of the top of my head.  I do know that he helped bring rockabilly to the masses
Yes, five-sixths of the land comprimises Ireland, but Northern Ireland is still in the United Kingdom.
The Irish exited in 1921, I did not know they were know as the Irish Free State then.
Yes there was a civil war after that, between Irish republicans and Irish nationalists.
Yes and then there was "The Troubles", which was not actually a religious conflict as many assume.
It was mainly nationalistic and political, trying to create a state compromising the whole of the island of Ireland.
Yeah my favorite song of his is "Hound Dog" written by Jerry Leiber.
Elvis started his music career in 1954 recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips.
His first RCA single was "Heartbreak Hotel" released in 1956 and became a number one hit in the US.
Some think he died August 16, 1977 but I think he is still alive. He helped pioneer the popular sound of rock and roll.
There would be no hall of fame without Elvis, lol. He also starred in successful television appearances.
I just watch, I wish I could race! I've been to the INDY 500 a few times though.
No, I was too young to know the drivers when we went, and when I got older my mom wanted us to do something else, since the race is held over Memorial Day weekend.
Absolutely! At the very least the cars have an 8-cylinder engine. Most commonly the V8 engine!
They are pretty amazing in person. I sometimes wish they didn't have all of the sponsors painted on them though.... I understand the reasoning but I think they would look cooler if they kept it simple.
I enjoy it too, even when I am not good at it. But I know it is one of the major forms of throwing sports.
Yes, I think I have always pay for that. Even when the maximum score is 300, I think mine is like half that.
I have, throw a few strikes, when all of the pins are knocked, but not that many..  What about you?
Me neither, Not even in a nine-pin or candlepin version
Do you mean Richard Nixon the 37th president of the United States?
I love it too! It allows me to buy anything over the internet with just my browser.
I love the search option that stores have so I can find what I need rather quickly.
What I really like is the ability to look at all the products online and see the pictures, get information about it all with just a touch of a button.
It is a lot of fun, and very helpful especially around the holidays.
It's simple just throw a bowling ball so that it eliminates  a target.
target is usually to knock over pins at the end of a lane
The highest score one can get in bowling is 300 and this is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.
Yes, I got three consecutive strikes and in bowling this is known as a "turkey"
American Football was invented in the US, sort of a rugby soccer hybrid.
That's the truth, the first football game was played in November of 1869. 
Michigan was independent from any conference until 1896, when it became one of the first members of the Western Conference.
I don't know, but the first official college football team was not formalized until 1879.
He was born in Tupelo Mississippi, but relocated to Memphis when he was 13. 
I'm sure there is, there is definetely one in Memphis. Elvis began his music career in 1954.
He is, his first RCA single though was Heartbreak Hotel which was released in 1956.
It's a good one! in January of that year it became a number one hit!
And to just think; the first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869!
The first match was between Rutgers and Princeton.
They were college teams then too.
That's a great question. I don't know. I do know that the sport evolved from rugby and association football.
Rugby is very popular in England.
It also be pursueing and trapping animals with the intent of killing the animal
Hunting wild life is commoly done by humans
Lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching 
well  The Goldendoodle is a cross-breed dog!
the name  alters "poodle" to "doodle" by analogy to "Labradoodle", was coined in 1992
 it was first bred by Monica Dickens in 1969
well  Popularity for the goldendoodle grew in the 1990s so not that long ago
The original purpose of the cross was to develop guide dogs  orso i have heard
Green is my favorite too, it is the color between blue and yellow
The color has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm if i rememebr
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll that is why so many animals use it as camouflage.
Several minerals have the color green in them like the emerald
it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors . We will always need green to make great art work.
Do you enjoy bowling as a sport?
What do you think about ten-pin bowling?
Some kind of synthetic material.  Have you tried Duckpin bowling?
It's a kind of bowling where the pins are shorter and smaller, thus more difficult to strike
I agree. It's often been called the language of business. It can measure the results of an organization's economic activity and relay it to other users.
For sure. Organizations can divide accounting into several fields according to what they need, such as financial or management accounting, external auditing, etc.
For one, financial accounting focuses on the reporting of a company's financial information. This can be passed on to investors, regulators, and suppliers.
Yes I do like bowling in my leisure time, although I don't do it very often
A long way back, in various forms. It was popular in the 1600s in Britain
I think it thrives most in the USA, where it is played all over the country
You don't need to be especially experienced to go bowling, but if you want to make a lot strikes, you need to practice and have good hand eye coordination
You are welcome, the maximum score you can get is 300-- I hope you make that score next time you bowl!
I love Elvis Presley, he was an amazing singer, musician, and actor. Don't you think so?
I wish I could of been there for that, I bet it's amazing! It's no wonder that he is the King of Rock. With all his hit songs
I wonder if he ever played Craps? 
I don't know for sure but I bet he would have tried to be the King of Vegas. if he was still around. 
Yeah it's really sad that he died so young in 1977.
Management consulting is the practice of helping organizations to improve their performance, operating primarily through the analysis of existing organizational problems,for future plans
Sure!  We all need it. Also, The deliverable of a consultant is usually an advise or a recipe to follow to achieve a company objective, 
Yes ,it cuts across all strata,Consulting services are part of the tertiary sector and account for several hundred billion dollars  
Yup, my favorite song is "Sweet Child O\' Mine". It was on the "Appetite for Destruction" album.
They have released 6 albums which have grossed over 100 million dollars in sales worldwide.
I don't think so but they are the 41st best selling group of all time.
Nope, but had i lived in Los Angeles where they formed, I might have had a shot
Let's talk about Instagram today. It's a photo-sharing social media platform. Do you use it?
I do enjoy it. Instagram allows people to upload pictures and videos and get views and likes. Some people are even famous because of it.
That's fair. Some people are hesitant to use multiple platforms because they're concerned about the use of their personal, private information by Facebook.
It's different from Facebook in that it's media-focused, so the focus is on pictures and videos. Some people prefer this over the text-focus of Facebook.
Kurt Cobain was an American songwriter, singer, and musician, most famous for being in the band Nirvana.
Well, he was born in Washington state. He formed Nirvana in 1987 with two other members, and basically established the grunge music scene in Seattle.
Cobain was considered the "spokesman of a generation" because his music was so relatable and spoke so honestly.
Well the main target is to usually knock over pins at the end of a lane, but the other reason could be having fun with friends!
I have no ide! i will have to check the history of bowling!
Well yes, you could pick a lower weighted ball, my arms hurt when i get three consecutive strikes, called turkey!
Yes! that is why! and the maximum score is 300, only get that when you scored 12 strikes in a row! super difficult!
Me to, i like to put some garnishes too, garnishes include mustard, ketchup, onions, mayonnaise 
yes i like eating it with a potato chip or a crisp, it gives some crunch to it :D Have you tried smoked frankfurters?
Frankfurter (sometimes shortened to frank), dog, or wiener, is a cooked sausage, same as hot dog, just different name :D
I like everything from italian cuisine, it developed through centuries of social and economic changes, so everything is great for me :D
So they are a pretty physically active team and not one that just does the chants?
Yeah, the competitive routines tend to range from one to three minutes and will include various activities like dance and tumbling.  Does your sister have a specialty on the team?
Yeah, that is not surprising.  The competitions get extremely competitive and the talent level is very high with about 1.5 million participants in the sport.
Yeah the popularity has really exploded thanks to ESPN airing the national championships then it was further increased by the movie Bring It On.
It is.  The other cool thing for your sister is she might have opportunity to compete over seas.  The exposure from those things has made it popular all over the globe from China to New Zealand and a bunch of other places.
I have! They released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.; that's amazing!
Yeah! It was cool to hear that their twin albums "Use Your Illusion I" and "Use Your Illusion II" (1991) debuted at number two and number one on the "Billboard" 200 respectively and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide, including 14 million units in the United States.
Oh wow! Awesomeness. Did you hear that "Sweet Child o\' Mine", the band\'s only single to reach number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
 When eereleased in 1989, it reached number six on the UK Singles Chart.
Yes it is what gets us to act in a certain way or have a certain behavior. 
It either gets us to act in a positive or negative way.  
Motivation can activate the seeking behavior and dopamine is released during the anticipation of a reward
Motivation also causes someone to want to repeat a behavior if they get a positive respone
Some strains of corn are specifically for popping, apparently.
There are a few - dent corn, flour corn, popcorn, pod corn, and flint corn.
Corn was domesticated over 9000 years ago in Mexico!
I actually don't know much other than the team with the most points at the ends wins. Do you have a team?
I\'m more into movies, I really liked the Penguins in the animated "Madagascar" movie.
Nice, sometimes I watch the superbowl on tv... mostly for the snacks.
Chris Pratt looks like he'll be really funny in the new one, the first one was good.
I also really enjoyed Chris Pratt in Parks and Rec. 
You are right I forgot that tropical zones don't experience winter at all.
I agree, In the Arctic for instance, they have short summers so I know they always want more. My AC is out so I know I will enjoy winter.
Climate in the Arctic has a lot of variability so i can't say or sure, but I don't think they have ever went without a summer. Even if that summer was just a few days.
I'm about the same, snowball fights and going ice skating with friends are some of my fondest memories.
I tend to change my favourite colours. Gendar, age and culture are a big influence on how people perceive colours.
Pink got the name from the flowers pinks. I\'m not a big fan of flowers maybe thats why I am not a big fan of the colour itself. They are plants in the genus "Dianthus"
They are flowering plants in the genus "Dianthus" and the name comes from the frilled outside of them.
I haven\'t seen one but "Narcissus" are pretty nice. They have six petal-like tepals.
I do love the color of money! lol Green is actually the color between blue and yellow on the spectrum.
I am not a huge fan of kale which is basically leaf cabbage.
I love fresh green beans which are known by many names including french beans, string beans, and snaps.
I rarely wear green although I do wear it on St. Patrick's Day when celebrating Irish American culture.
I love emerald green and I find it interesting that the largest factor to green in nature is chlorophyll which is the chemical needed for photosynthesis.
Do you think the inabity to keep the relationship going is due to factors insided the relationship or some external factor beyond your control?
Could be ither, really because reasons why relationships like yours for can be complex.
Well, the best way would be for each of you to communicate with the other about your goals in the relationship.
Maybe.  It would help to openly communicate.  I recommend also  that you should read "Diantics" a book by L. Ron Hubbard.
Archery is a fun skill to have. The name actually comes from the Latin word "arcus."
Hunting with a bow and arrows was one of the first hunting methods to develop after the spear. 
It's estimated to have emerged in either the Paleolithic or the Mesolithic periods. 
I'm not sure the exact time, but it didn't start seeing common use until more modern manufacturing took off in America. 
The number varies, but there are over 156 national level federations dedicated to the sport. 
I try to adapt to the vagaries of the weather. is caused by the axis of the Earth in that hemisphere being oriented away from the Sun.
More so,many regions, winter is associated with snow and freezing temperatures.
Arctic is characterized by long, cold winters and short, cool summers. Are you located along the Arctic?
Why didn't you? It is considered a throwing sport.
No I'm not good at anything. I like bowling video games. I have never gotten a 300 which is 12 strikes in a row!
Usually xbox but I have found the game on my phone. I never heard of the word hambone to describe four strikes in a row though.
Well the object is to knock over the pins and I'm not very good unless we have some bumpers, ha!
Not good at any sports, not quite sure what I'm good at. Maybe I could take up bowling as a hobby, like most people in the world.
Instagram is a photo sharing app and is used on mobile, internet and desktop. The users will share pictures and video.
Facebook actually owns Instagram, so I don't know why it wouldn't be a bit more similar in that area.
I believe Instagram is more about just uploading photos and videos, that's about it.
I agree! Instagram lets the users implement digital filters to their images and also lets them put on their location by using geotags. That is all about appearances!
no, it's easy. that's why i like it. it's almost like an arcade game
do you like music? video games have great music
haha. cool. have you ever heard of "i like music"?
i think it's like spotify for alternative music
Well, technically, it can also be a means of pest control. So it's not just about gaming. Do you have a pest issue in your area?
Yes, some animals can become a burden for those practicing agriculture. So, the laws can change to allow hunters to control the animal population, whether by chemical or cultural needs.
Sometimes, animal rights advocates oppose the hunting due to moral objections, but practical demands tend to override their arguments.
I bet. It really got popular around 2000 when the movie "Bring It On" was released.
Yeah, it really helped to explode it into the limelight. There's over 1.5 million people completing in all-star cheerleading!
It is predominately female, but it actually began during the late 18th century with a rebellion of male students.
I'm a fox hunter. I have a farm and they kill all my chickens.
Yes, I try to only set live traps I dont want anything to suffer 
Yes, I love them just like Augustine Chacon did
Mexican outlaw and folk hero of Arizona Territory that had a pet fox
That sounds great! Is it like street food? Can you buy it from stalls or at the market?
I love fish markets! So busy and vibrant. I've always wanted to go to Pike Place Fish Market in Seattle - have you ever been?
Wow, so you were one of the ten million? I've heard that's how many tourists visit every year
Yes its one of the primary colors in the RGB color model, often used on television and computer screens.
You should know that in the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was associated with merchants and bankers! I bet your girlfriend might be impressed by that!
Also, it is the traditional color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture! If you like Ireland, then you have to like green as well!
Many animals take on the green hue themselves as camouflage! I wish humans could do that..
Yeah haha so it's basically a sweater, but it has an open front ... like a jacket without a zipper.
Yeah! It's for the fresh kind of weather, where you can't be without a sweater because it's too cold nor can you be with a jacket because then it gets too hot. You know?
Yeah! Cardigans actually became really popular for college students during the early 1930s so yeah, style and color are critical, too haha
I'm honestly not too sure, but they can't be that pricey! Maybe $10, tops?
yes i like the main character the sheriff deputy rick
 Yes, they are making more episodes. andrew lincoln plays the shows sheriff
I actually do not know that answer, I know the show shows alot of survival and adapting of the new world with walkers and other survivors.
i like that rick is such a  natural leader 
I do. People who ride bikes are commonly referred to as bikers, or bicycliysts.
I am a mountain biker. I enjoy riding over rough terrain and up and down mountains.  have you heard of this sport?
nO, I RIDE ON THE alifornia trail, which was established in the 1800s.  The trail runs from Missouri to California.
I did it all in one summer.  My next ride will be on the Oregon trail, which was a route fur traders used around 1820.  It used to only be passable on foot or horseback, but i have a good mountain bike.
Sometimes when i am riding in a lonely area, i like to sing the song"Daddy Wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t Buy Me a Bow Wow" , which was written in 1892.
Hot dogs are very classic sausage and bun food you get at sports games and stuff
Yea, they are also classified as sausage sandwiches
They go great with so many condiments like mustard, ketchup, onions, mayonnaise, relish, coleslaw, cheese, chili, olives, and sauerkraut
Yep, mustard and sauerkraut are my favorite ove rlike relish and ketchup
yes its great, Andrew Lincoln  plays the main character he is such a good actor
not sure, but I know it takes place in atlanta gorgia and later virginia
in America, together the characters struggle to survive the harsh zombie conditions
In america as well, it has such good ratings it is getting renewals every year
I love Deadliest Catch.  Never thought I would, given the subject matter, but I do.
Cannot believe that Deadliest Catch started in 2005 and it is still on and airs in over 200 countries.
I think Mike Rowe, the narrator, does a fantastic job and I like the crews.
Yes, very popular. It all started with College Football though.
Walter Camp created a hybrid of rugby that became American football.
Eleven per team.
i do! i find it interesting that it has rugby and football elements in it
thats funny! i just don't like the fact that you have to advance the ball 10 yards in four downs, or they turn over the ball, its so confusing
i also find it confusing that in canada there is a canadian football legue and and american football, using the same terms in football
especially since american football started in 1869 in college but europoean fottball has been around for much longer
at least one thing the same is that the team with the most points in the end wins the game
I suppose I like green, because it's the color in between my two favorite colors, blue and yellow!
Haha, I like blue and yellow because they're the colors of the Swedish flag!
Haha, I beg to differ. Once the ice melts away from winter, Sweden is all green! It's green because of all the chlorophyll in nature. 
You are funny. Okay, but green is also a big part of Irish culture, since Sweden will not do for now. 
Because green is between blue and yellow when viewed with a spectrums. 
Yes! Because its the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll
Do you know of photosynthesis in biology?
That's a natural process ,how about the Artificial Photosynthesis?
Definitely a great author. He's full name is actually John Ray Grisham Jr and he was born in 1955.
He lives outside Oxford, Mississippi. His books have been translated into 42 languages.
I would have to say "The Firm". They actually made a movie about it starring Tom Cruise. John Grisham graduated from Mississippi State University
Agree, most movies are a poor rendition of the book. He also attended the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981.
Well i think college football is the best. Even though it's considered second-tier. Do you watch it on tv?
Oh I have no clue, but within the US the college version of footballs garners high tv ratings
Oh I'd say at least 30, haha. The history of the game can be traced to early versions of rugby if that tells you anything
Oh well one's the UK version and the other evolved in the united states
The first football game was played on November 6, 1869.
The teams were Rutgers and Princeton. Two college teams.
Well American football evolved from rugby, so I am guessing that's how they played.
I'm not sure, but there are multiple leagues in North America. The most known are the NFL, AFL, and CFL.
Skiing, believe it or not, was originated in Norway and the word ski is pretty common in their language, also had different meaning.
I think skiing was originally a purely utilitarian activity, and it was first started in the mid-1800's as a recreational sport. 
Basically what you said. Many forms of skiing is where skiers rely on their own locomotion to move across snow-covered terrain, instead of using ski lifts and other forms of assistance.
I get so nervous watching skiers haha. I like how the Olympics has different variants of skiing that is adapted to different range of terrains from mountainous tops to groomed courses. Definitely a interesting but dangerous sport to watch!
They are so fluffy and cute right?! The original purpose of the cross was actually to develop guide dogs suitable for those with allergies to dogs!
Yes, it has. Their coats do not shed, so it reduces allergies in humans.
I wouldn't say completely safe, but the fact that their coats do not shed reduces dander, which is a protein that sheds from the dog's skin and this is what will cause allergies to humans.
They were founded in Detroit and are known as horrorcore Rap.
Horrorcore is what they call a subgenre of hip hop.  It usually has a horror them and dark lyrical content.
Yes!  They often exaggerate violence and the supernatural.  Sometimes drug use and mental illness as well.
Well i agree.  Mental disorders are nothing to joke about.  They can cause significant distress and other problems.
Kurt Cobain was an american singer, and musician lead singer of the band nirvana and quite a story
Yes, Cobain was the lead singer and guitarist and the founding member of Nirvana
On April 8th he took his life, at his home  in 1994. Very gruesome death, he was found with a shotgun across his body.
I am sure he had just checked out of rehab and was reported as suicidal by his wife Courtney Love.
I think he is still one of the most significant cultural icons today. No doubt about it.
I mean he was a pioneer of uptempo rockabilly music. It don't get much better than that.
My favorite was his first single called "Heartbreak Hotel".
That was a great song. You have to admire him for taking African American music global.
He became even more popular with the ladies when he got into acting.
The offense scores it, by either running or passing the ball, and they have four chances to advance it 10 yards, or they lose control. The points come mostly by moving the ball into the other team's end-zone, or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts!
Essentially, yes! There are those who block for the quarterback, who throws the ball to the wide receivers to catch it, or he can give it to the running back to carry it. And the defense has both those to rush the quarterback and to guard the receivers. Interestingly, this all started from evolving from rugby football!
No, they share this style with Canada, as well, who have their own professional league. Although there are some slight differences between the two.
It can be fun to set up traps and track down your prey.
I do it because I live out in the middle of nowhere, so I need food. Others might do it just for fun, or to trade.
Yeah, Indians also used to hunt for food, and trade.
I agree, but so much excessive hunting has also led to the extinction of many animals.
It can be beneficial when there are areas there are overpopulated, and you need to control the pests.
I agree. I think it would be cool to machine or hand knit one also.
Cool I didn't know that! They were actually popularized by Coco Chanel who disliked for tight-necked mens sweaters messed up her hair when removed.
One good thing about synthetic fibers is that they are not made from animals, mostly derived from fibers.
Yes I agree natural fibers are usually more comfortable. Some are actually made through geological processes.
no but i can tell you the modern field was established by an italian mathematician namedluca pacioli in the 1400s
they measure process and communicate financial information about economic entities like business and corporations. a good field for people who love math
well  you can use the phrase financial reporter as accountant synonymously and you can get away with it!
accounts can be divided into several fields like financial accounting management accounting external auditing tax accounting and cost accounting, so think about which of these fields youd like best and plan your college track around them.
Weight training develops your muscles.
HIT created in the 70's by Arthur Jones also burns calories. 
It is a type of training that focuses of weights and repetitions until muscle failure.  
It can but strength training is the best for sports like baseball, basketball, football and hockey. 
Thats a great thing to study for, Emergency Responders are great assets to our community. What school are you attending?
Well I can definitely tell you Paramedics have to know tons of knowledge and have skills to take care of patients while transporting them.
I can only imagine I am sure having someone's life in your hands could be very intense, Paramedics typically work 12 hour shifts or split into four 10 hour shifts. So make sure to get rest!
Just make sure you are getting plenty of sleep during the day, to much stress and little sleep can cause memory loss, and make it harder to pass those classes.
One thing you can do to help is make sure you are on a diet plan, making sure you are getting the right nutrition will keep you up to speed!
That's okay! It's a physical activity pastime that started in the United States, where cheerleaders perform dances and chant slogans to motivate and entertain sports audiences.
That's a really great question. It's mostly popular in American football, starting in 1954 when the Baltimore Colts National Football League (NFL) team decided to have cheerleaders. Now, 26 of the 32 NFL teams have a cheerleading squad!
Totally agree. Most cheerleading gigs in the NFL are part-time jobs. Very often, cheerleaders are in or just completed college, and continue onto other careers after one to four seasons of cheerleading on average.
It has been called the "language of business" It measures the results from a companies financial activities and gives this information to investors, creditors and regulators
Accounting has been around since 1494! An Italian mathematician established it
I have thought about looking into becoming an accountant, someone that practices accounting
Financial reporting and accounting are terms that can be interchangeable and have the same meaning
That is my favorite channel ! I love watching Street Outlaws. I know that Discovery is the third largest channel on cable!
Yeah in america almost 97% of people own a TV so im sure alot of people are tuned in all the time! What is your favorite show?
You should really consider watching Discovery, they have tons of reality tv series. Some of the most popular are Deadliest Catch, Dirty Jobs, and MythBusters
I know they premiered in January 2003, I don't think they are running new episodes at this time but they always have re-runs on! Naked and Afraid is also awesome, have you heard of it? 
I like sweaters because I like knitted clothing . They're warm and cozy in my opinion.
Yeah, I think cardigans that don't have buttons would be considered robes.
There are some versions that just hang open by design I think.
I believe it is a Welsh name Ceredigion , but an anglicised version
We've always had insurance but I know the healthcare debate has been a political issue for a long time.
It's been going on for a long time.  One of the earliest proposals at the federal level was in 1854.
It was a bill for the Indigent Insane - established asylums for the indigent as well as blind and deaf.
Passed both houses, but vetoed by the President 
President Pierce - ever heard of him?
Me too!  It occurs after Autumn and before Spring each year.
Well, in different cultures they define it differently as far as the start goes.  Some also define it based on the weather.
Yes, although it's caused by the axis of the Earth in that Hemisphere since it's oriented away from the sun.
Yes, although as I said they define it sometimes based on weather.  Interestingly enough, in the Souther Hemisphere it's summer when it's winter in the north.
Right!  The moment of winter solstice is when the sun's elevation with respect to the poles is at its lowest value, or farthest below the horizon.
It is evoked by light 
It is used in painting and color printing 
The largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll
That is true.It coverts sunlight into chemical energy in plants
I love Dylan's Candy Bar, a chain boutique candy shop located in the U.S.  Let me tell you more about it!
They claim to be the largest unique candy store in the world, which was inspired by Roald Dahl's story of the Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory.
They have shops in New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago and Mami.  The owner is Dylan Lauren, daughter of the famous designer Ralph Lauren.
I'm sure it helps to have connections - Dylan's Candy Bar also partnered with Holt Renfrew before in Canada on a co-branding effort.  I'm sure Holt Renfrew paid some respects to her father as well.
Holt Renfrew is a chain of high-end Canadian department stores that sell an array of luxury brands.
My great-grandmother was from Ireland that mystical green isle in the North Atlantic.
No idea.  Irish was lower-class back in the day, just Ireland, a single sovereign state is how we regarded it.
Could be.  Had something to do with the great potato famine which caused the immigration which resulted in 33 million americans reporting Irish ancestry in 2013.
Reportedly about one million people died.
i'm sure it began long long time ago because as far as i know people were always hunting to kill or trap animals 
it is, but that's why there are laws. Lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching which is the illegal killing or trapping animals
yes! that's why you can hunt deer only during certain time of the year.
people can use traps for trapping animals, guns and bows and arrows for killing them
DO you remember what his first novel was? Here is a hint: it was published in 1989.
No, it was "A Time to Kill". It took him 4 years to write.
Yes that\'s right, "A Time to Kill" was a great movie.
"The Firm" actually. It was about attorney Mitchell McDeere.
exactly, He came to power by uniting his people
after he named himself genghis, he proceeded to capture most of uerasia
Exactly this was often achieved by large scale massacre 
by the end of his life he occupied most of central asia and china 
If I've been around for 5000 years that means I'd be some sort of vampire, which may or may not be cool.  But skiing actually evolved in Scandinavia but has ancient roots in China.
That\'s a good question.  Perhaps he is old enough to remember when the original word for ski which was "sk\xc3\xad\xc3\xb0" or "Split wood" was invented.
Actually he would only say "One ski, ah ah ah" because original early skiers used one long pole.
Yes in Alberta Canada they formed the band in 1995
Nickelback sold 50 million albums making them one of Canadas most successful bands
Not sure the last album they put out was Silver Side UP in 2001
Elvis Presley died in 1977, that was way before my time, so I never really got into him as a musician
Not exactly, but I know everyone loved him and called him the king or rock and roll
Presleys first single was "Heartbreak Hotel" in 1956!
I guess the songs were pretty good to be considered the king of rock and roll, like how Michael Jackson was the king of pop
the equity  market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers of stocks which represent ownership claims on businesses
they can also include securities listed on a public stock exchange as well as those only traded privately
some examples include shares of private companies which are stold to investors through equity crowdfunding platforms
yes i have a few.. as of mid 2017, the size of the world stock markey was about US$76.3 trillion!
well you can probaby look online and do some research however stock exchanges list shares of common equity as well as other security types like corporate bonds and convertiable bonds
John Grisham is an American writer and activist known for his legal thrillers. I never read any of his books.
His books have been translated into 42 languages and have been published all over the world.
Yeah he is. He graduated from Mississippi State University before attending law school in 1981.
He practiced criminal law for about 10 years and was a congressman from 1984 to 1990.
His first novel "A Time to Kill" was published in June 1989. It took him four years to write it.
First and foremost, green is the color between blue and yellow on the color scale.
Secondly, when we look at nature, most things you will see are green.  The reason for that is because many creatures have adapted to their green environment for camouflaging.  
I suppose it's due to the trees and plants taking on the color green.  Speaking of which, the reason why plants are green is due to chlorophyll, the chemical in which plants photosynthesize and make food when in contact with light.
That is true!  Speaking of green, it also has a long tradition in popular culture.  St. Patrick Day's is an Irish tradition that basically has everyone dressed in green.
Well Archery is the sport, so it is dangerous so you should learn at your own pace.
Well it has been around almost forever. the name comes from the latin word "arcus".
it means archer I think. today  it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.
It is and A person who participates in archery is typically called an archer or a "bowman"
I like it.  I tend toward blues and purples, but of course, green is very popular at Christmas!
I suppose the natural greenery and trees brought in from outside contributed to it.
Well,it's the color of money!  Seriously, though, in the Middle Ages and Renaissance, merchants and bankers were associated with green and nobility was associated with red.
I'm not sure why, but Ireland seems to love the color green, too!
I wonder who figured out that they could combine only certain colors (like Red, Green, and Blue - RGB) to create all other colors?  It is hard for me to understand. 
I like Nickelback too. They are my favorite Canadian rock band and I've liked them since 1995 they started.
Yes Rush! They formed in 1968 and took their first United States tour in 1974.
Yes, he left because he had health problems related to type 1 diabetes.
Clockwork Angels the 20th and final album they put out. It was released in 2012.
It reminds me of spring and renewal.  I love it when everything first turns green after a long winter.
Its between spring and fall.  I do love the fall colors too.
I love the autumn leaves and the way they smell.  i love all the colors, yellow, brown. 
I love halloween, and i love having bon fires and watching movies outside. one of my favorites is autumn leaves.
It's really good. The whole series is streaming. It's based on a comic book by Robert Kirkman.
It's streaming on Netflix. Most of it is also filmed in Atlanta Georgia and Alexandria Virginia.
Starting on the 3rd season, the ages of most of the viewers were 18 to 49.
Indeed! He was an awesome singer, musician and actor! 
Yes, August 16th, 1977 was a very sad day for many people, especially his fans.
He was born on January 8, 1935. Long time ago haha
He will never be forgotten as the King of Rock and Roll, or just the King
Dylan's Candy Bar was actually founded by Dylan Lauren, the daughter of designer Ralph Lauren.
I\'m sure it does. She based the store off the story, "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory."
It really is a fun experience. I would definitely recommend going if you're ever in New York.
It is a nice color indeed, many rock formations have green in it, the most notable being the emerald.  
Not, in the subtractive color system. But in the RGB system used for television it is used. 
In nature yes, it is because chlorophyll is green and there is a lot of plants and vegetation on earth. 
It depends on fashion, in the middles ages green was associated with people working with money like merchants, bankers and the gentry in general.
No it is not, but I like the fact the Mona Lisa is wearing green, it means that she is of a merchant or banker family. 
Same here! Green is a wonderful colour. It's the colour between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum of light.
Same here! Lots of animals and insects and other creatures have adapted to the green in their environments by taking on green hues themselves as a means of camoflage
That's right! The reason it's so green is because of chlorophyll. Chlorophyll is the chemical which plants use to photosynthesize and convert sunlight into energy.
I don't know! For whatever reason it reflects light that has the dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm, so it looks green.
I love Irish Coffee! It's delicious and I love the cream layer.
Do you prefer an irish coffee made with brown sugar or white sugar?
I prefer white sugar. The brown sugar makes it too sweet.
When I have a sweet tooth I reach for a doughnut. I love the fried dough with the glaze.
I once lived in the Philippines. Doughnuts were surprisingly popular there!
I have always enjoyed it.  I am not that good either.  Skiing has been around for over 5 thousand years
Modern skiing is traced back to Scandinavia.  However, there is evidence it was practiced in China many years before that
They are long and narrow strips that allow for gliding over snow
I believe that China used something more like a snowshoe.  It had a hardwood frame and lacings
The word ski actually comes from skio which is split piece of wood
Only in the winter of course!  I love the various sweater designs - especially the ugly christmas sweater
That is awesome!  The Salvation Army is a great charity organization
That is great!  And buy doing so you are helping the Salvation army in 128 countries, with homeless shelters and humanitarian aid
I have only shopped there for Halloween costumes but nothing else.  I rarely buy new clothes.
How do you cope with dead lines. As i know you often do not not do your things until the "last minute" before a deadline.
In other words. Pressure act like your motivation that prompts you to  act in a certain way, or at least develop an inclination for specific behavior.
That makes it some kind of motivation then because it has become your  direction to behavior and what causes you to want to repeat the behavior.
We can say your motivation is classified on a number of bases: 
What a grand idea to write about a young wizard, and such interesting names like Herminone, Weasley and Potter.
Yes, a wonder chronicle and Hogwarts fits a whitchcraft and wizard school.
Yes good movies, yet they have had their share of criticisms.
I can not believe over 500 million copies in seventy-three languages have been sold all over the world, that is success.
I am not sure. It seems so in the movies. As it was originated in America it seems that it still predominantly there. Still involves around 1.5 million participants.
I think it's a fair number as they are mostly to motivate sports teams and entertain the audience. I assume there are so many teams to cheer for!
Probably so because there are organisations to train and host cheerleader competitions. The main one is Varsity Spirit Corp.
Yes! The origins of Varsity Spirit date back to 1948!
He wrote legal thrillers. He was also an attorney and politician. 
His first, "A Time to Kill" is older, it was published in 1989 but he spent four years writing it and in my opinion, it\'s his best.
Yes, another book I like is To Kill a Mockingbird but that was written by Harper Lee. That is also about a crime.
It's a classic when it comes to American literature. It won a Pulitzer Prize!
I\'m pretty unfamiliar with them, the only song of their\'s that i really know is Sweet Child o\' Mine", which was their only single to reach #1 on the Hot 100.
Their lead singer is Axl Rose, while their lead guitarist is Slash.
Yeah he sounds a bit more familiar to me. HE released 3 solo albums "Slash," "Apocalyptic Love", and "World on Fire." All since 2010.
I don't know much about the albums besides how awesome they sounded. However, I can tell you that Slash left GNR in 1996 due to tensions with the lead singer Axl Rose. 
Broken Heart is a metaphor for intense emotional or physical stress and pain.  I Have heard of it happening
Emotion pain that is severe can cause physical damage to the heart
This has dated back 3000 plus years and happens in many different cultures
The emotional aspects of a broken heart is believed to be survival instinct 
Not really, but I do watch Superbowl every year :)
The only thing I know about football is that the team with the most points at the end of a game wins lol
It's okay :) I just learned that The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869! Can you believe that? Long time ago!
I bet players had lots of concussions. You know it's funny that what people in other countries call Football Americans call soccer. 
I have no clue :) Why didn't they just call it rugby since it originated from rugby
I like  the trees and the green lawn in my compound 
ooh really? You can build a small garden that can use a very small irrigation system during the heat period
Blue and yellow colors can actually give green
Oh wow, really? Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity, or a competitive winter sport. Which one does you brother do?
That's awesome. My favorite form of skiing is cross-country skiing. I love the mountainous terrain as well as groomed courses. You experience a bizarre rush going down a mountain/hill! 
Definitely, I enjoy watching the FIS Nordic World Ski Championship. Norway tends to have the most talented skiiers, they took home 5 gold medals last tournament.
They are generally held every other year. So it's a little more frequent than the Olympics.
I do like some fantasy and was thinking that these novels of the life of a young wizard along with friends that are students would be a good read. What can you tell me about them?
Would you suggest reading the books over watching the movies?
I have read that these books do have some criticism due to violence and the dark tone; did you feel such was taking place when you read them?
They're an American hard rock band from Los Angeles and make some great music!
The lineup, when first signed to Geffen Records in 1986 so they consider themselves an 80s band. 
 Guns N\' Roses\' debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" probably has the most soulful and unique rock style, thats why people love them so much.
The album has sold approximately 30 million copies worldwide, including 18 million units in the United States, making it the best-selling debut album of all time in the US. I think thats enough reason to atleast listen to them on youtube.
I would recommend the twin albums "Use Your Illusion I" and "Use Your Illusion II" (1991) as a starter. 
Mostly wildlife or feral animals and then I eat them.
Yes, I adhere to the laws, lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching so I dont interfere with preservation policies! 
I hunt coyotes, which is essential to maintain a population of healthy animals
I feel like I have a eating disorder with popcorn
the pressure continues eating
I love those little popcorns
there are six different major kinds
popping of the kernels extra butter
the books have sold over 500 million copies, so they are certainly popular, the best selling book series of all time actually!
i personally have not, when i saw how long the books were I decided that was too much for me, but I wish I had read them when I was young enough to like them
they have both adult and younger readers, but it is like pokemon in the sense that it is for everyone but still aimed at kids!
Yes, it is a struggle against wizards and dark magic, and trying to overthrow evil
I haven't but it seems like a really fascinating place. It has such a history in America too, it was the first national park signed into law by Ulysses S. Grant way back in 1872.
That sounds right, but I'm not sure. I do know that Yellowstone is one of 59 protected areas known as a national park, so it's definitely in a small group of national treasures.
You'd probably have to travel across the entire continental US, and then to Alaska because six national parks are there alone!
That's probably true. Alaska is such a fascinating place, and it's so huge too, being the largest state in the US by area of course.
You might think so, but Alaska is truly massive. Despite its size though, there's only 738,432 people living there as of 2015, not surprising I guess considering the climate.
No I haven't. I'm way too scared. I know some people do it competitively, recreationally, or use it as a mean of transportation.
It's a shame though. Since skiing has existed for almost five millennia!
The word ski comes from Old Norse which means a split piece of firewood or wood
What about about cross-country skiing? That's where people move across all the snow-covered terrain rather than just using ski lifts.
I think so. Water skiing would be even more fun. You can hold onto a cable behind a boat and skim on the water's surface.
I love cross country. I only compete in amateur competitions but its such fun.  I also love watching it in the olympics.
Yes thats a good way of seeing it.  It can be so fast though and thrilling. You have to use your own locomotion to cover the snowy terrain.
Ski jumping is so exciting.  It consists of the jumping ran, take off table and landing hill.  I have never had the nerve to try it yet but watching the professionals is fascinating.
Well u personally think Bode Miller is one of the best, also Tommy Moe.  There are lots though.  Another event i love to watch is ski flying, like jumping but they soar through the air after the ramp for a long as possible!
I get taken back to those days in middle school when I listen to Dave Grohl of the Foo Fighters. His vocals songwriting hit me close to home.
My favorite song is "Big Me" on their debut album called "Foo Fighters".
I also listened to another group Dave Grohl was apart of called Them Crooked Vultures. It was not one of his best groups.
Yes, I'm a huge fan of grunge music. Queens of the Stone Age was another American grunge band, if you're familiar with the scene.
Motivation is also one's direction to behavior or what makes you want to repeat an action.
Yes, some people probably require more prompting to act in a certain way.
Yes, having a positive stimulus definitely helps most people.
I agree, I will often procrastinate if there is no "reward"!
I do!  It's the luck of the Irish color!  I didn't realize that it's the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.
Interestingly, chlorophyll is the largest contributor to green in nature!  Red is nice, but green is where it's at!
It is VERY important in photosynthesis, which allows plants to absorb energy from the light!  My high school science teacher would be proud of me for remembering that!
LOL!  Here's another fun fact - emeralds are green too!  And its color comes form its chromium content.
Yes, and green is actually the biggest contributor in nature, by way of chlorophyll, which is a plant's chemical.
It does! Even in nature, green is the color animals will use to camoflauge themselves to protect them from danger.
Yes, and it's so cool that on the visible spectrum, green is created by light, which has a controlling wavelength of around 495570 nm. That's very technical terms lol
A paramedic are healthcare professionals the mostly work in the pre hospital and out of hostpital environment.
THeir range of practice usually varies between countries, but usually includes autonomous decision and making around the emergency care of patients
paramedics work as emergency medical services and on an ambulance
It originally developed as a praprofession in the united states in the 1970s
THere are many colleges that offer paramedic courses.  Check your local college.
Hello Mary, I don't have a consulting firm but I do know about these businesses that provide professional advice for a fee. 
There's a lot to say about consulting firms. Between 2010 and 2015, the 10 biggest firms made a total of 170 billion dollars in growth revenue. And that's just the top 10!
No, I haven't. Consultants typically are usually trained in management or business. 
Never have. It would be interesting to hire one though. The advisory services vary so widely across organizations and countries. Consulting firms are all over the world. 
Not my cup of tea but glad you liked it. 
Thanks and good luck!
I've tried but could never really get into it - it starts with the main character waking up from a coma and realizing the world is overrun by zombies.
I should be completely interested in it - I mean it's filmed right here in Atlanta - I even have friends that have run into the actors just around town.
Yeah maybe I'll give it another go - it has attracted the most 18-49 year old viewers of any cable or broadcast tv series - all those people can't be wrong.
I wonder if it's rated as high as the actual show - apparently it's actually unprecedentedly high on the Nielsen ratings.
That's cool! I am really into street style and I like posting photos about it.
Street style is British fashion culture that is new. What style do you like?
Gothic style is very interesting. A lot of kids in high school use to dress like that. I was more into Hip Hop fashion in high school.
Well some people think that dopaminergic drugs help build motivation. 
Yup that kind of "wanting behavior" can also be cause by dopaminergic drugs. 
Sleeping maybe, but most forms of motivation actually have neurological roots. 
The books themselves sold 500 million copies worldwide. That made them the best selling book series in history. I enjoyed them too! I also liked the movies quite a lot.
It's about a wizard and his friends. They struggle against an evil wizard named Voldemort who wants to overthrow the wizard government. Harry, the main character almost died to this evil wizard himself as a baby! 
eight! But once you start book one I almost guarantee you will binge read them
Be aware that its known for its increasingly dark tone as the books get later into the series. Also, a lot of graphic and gruesome violence
Really! I like some sweets. Wasn't this created by Ralph Lauren's daughter, Dylan Lauren?
Yes, she owns the chain! Dylan's candy bar is stocked over 7,000 around the world.
That\'s the one. She was inspired to create the store because of the movie, "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory".
Yes, and her motto is that she wants to "merge fashion, art and pop candy culture". I guess with the money daddy has, she can merge whatever she wants.
who doesn't? lol it's the best post-apocalyptic horror tv series!
it's cool that it was based on the comic book series
and most of the series take place in Atlanta, Georgia
I can't believe it premiered 8 years ago on october 31
yup, and walking dead attracted the most 18 to 45 year old viewers of any cable tv series
I used to like Nickelback but they haven't done anything worth it in many years.
They released The best of Nickelback and then vanished.
They are from Alberta in Canada all right.
Chad Kroeger is the leading vocalist of the group.
Ryan Peake is the keyboardist an Mike Kroeger is the bassist.
No so it's actually a chain of boutique candy shops!
No it doesn't make clothes, boutique as in artisinal! It was inspired by Willy Wonka
It is how the boutique candy shop is, which is owned by Dylan Lauren.
I haven't visited the shop, but it's in large cities like Chicago, LA, and New York.
yes following rules, and making notes and lists is very helpful
yes a place to put different objects and ideas, a cell phone is an excellent tool. It is a place to logically organize facts and ideas and also reminders
really anything that helps keep you organized or that helps you keep a lot of information in 1 place to refer back to is useful
I like paper organizing myself, I have notebooks for bills, when they are due and when I pay. Keeping everything arranged for easier access
I agree, the band went through a few drummer changes which really messed up their continuity. 
Yep, when Adair replaced drummer Ryan Vikedal. It caused quite a stir amongst the fans.
Yep but despite that they're still one of the most commercially successful Canadian groups. Hard to believe right?
Haters probably need to listen to "How You Remind Me", which was listed as the best-selling rock song.
Yes I deer hunt and we eat the venison its the practice of killing animals with the intent to do so
Humans mostly hunt for food but some hunt for recreation or sport and some to remove predators
I also hunt to remove predators they are dangerous to livestock and domestic animals 
Yes and the species I am hunting is called prey or game and is often mammals or birds
Yes and hunting is a part of modern wildlife managment
Yes, I actually grew up about 20 minutes from where Violent J (Joseph Bruce) grew up and still lives.  I've been a fan since 1989
Berkley, Michigan. Have you herd of  Juggalo Championship Wrestling?
It's a fan of the group that's a man. A female is a jugalette.
When you have a band that has platinum and five gold albums you have a lot of fans. 
One dose the other is to fat. They mostly just think about the mythology of the Dark Carnival, a metaphoric limbo in which the lives of the dead are judged by one of several entities.
The castle of Meudon, called the royal castle of Meudon is green inside as well 
It was actually in Star wars the first movie 
Steve Robson actually wrote all the music for the movie
She could have been!  She loved music.  She even named my middle sister Lisa Marie.  haha
I'm not much of an Elvis fan, and I was mistaken.  He was born in 1935, but his career began in 1954.  Oops!  Are you an Elvis fan?
You have a band?  That's awesome!  I love music.  I especially enjoy acoustic shows.  I like the it without all the auto-tuning and stuff.  
Really? you should attend a Drama school where they train you in drama and theatre arts, such as acting.
There are many you should research on the internet.  Entry is usually through a competitive audition process though
I don;t remember.  But audition usually involve the performance of monologues and group workshops, so you should be prepared for that.
All type of drama and also design and technical theatre.  One I would recommend is Juillard School.
yes, Elvis Aron Presley, the American singer, actor and musician is a favorite  of mine.
Cool. He was referred to as the "king of Rock", or just "The King" when he was alive.
Wow he would be an old man.  he began recording at Sun records with producer Sam Phillips in 1954.  That seems like a long time ago now.
Yes, i have seen some of his movies.  in 1955, Colonel Tom Parker arranged a recording contract with RCA Victor for Presley.  This really put him on the map and on the charts.
I have never even seen it, I do know it is a post-apocalyptic horror type show
I know there is alI guess kind of a survival horror type show/comic/game
I understand it first premiered in October of 2010
I understand beginning st the 3rd season it had the mose viewers of any broadcast or cable show for ages 18-49
I know the Neilsen ratings have always been high and it was always renewed, but is it over now?
Oh wow so probably renewed again, thats crazy
You should try it they conveniently have buttons so you can wear some during the fall.
It's not a pull over, it has long sleaves so it can be worn
Yes it can also be machine or hand knitted, it can be personal
A person, it is named after James Brudenell who was the Earl of Cardigan!
I agree, the medical specialty about treatment of neurological disorders is extremely important.
Yes, it is one of the highest paid fields as well, and people usually referred to as "brain surgery
Yes and no wonder training requires a minimum period of seven year!
Yea, imagine having to do four years of undergraduate education, four years of medical school, and seven years of residency. SO much investment!
Pediatric neurosurgery is the most complicated one, dont you think?
The most common colors to me are blue and green. My birthstone is actually Emerald which is a green stone mineral.
Many other creatures would beg to differ, a lot of them have adapted to their green environments by taking on their own green color to their skin.
Green is between yellow and blue on the color spectrum so I think if they can see one of those colors than they can definitely see the other.
Yes, and chlorophyll is the largest contributor to Green in the world. It's a chemical that plants produce into energy to sustain life.
In that case chlorophyll would probably have a different name. Chlorophyll is derived from the Greek words chloros Phyllon meaning green leaf.
Did you buy their sixth studio album. It has over 100 million records worldwide sales
I will find out what the name of the album is. DO you know about their debut too? It is called "Appetite for Destruction" and released in 1987
Not at all. No wonder It topped the "Billboard" 200 and became the best-selling debut album
What we do is autonomous decision making around the emergency care of patients
Yes it is and In some countries 'Paramedic' is a protected title 
it means they ar accountable to a professional regulatory body.
Yes because The paramedic role is closely related to other healthcare positions
nickelback is Canadian band
nope they formed as a band in 1995
nickelband is a mediocre band tho
yea i like nickelback for some songs, good canadian band
I used to be one! Accounting is the measure and communication of financial information
A long time! The modern form was established by Luca Pacioli, an Italian mathematician in 1494
Yes, it is often called the "language of business" and it conveys business information to a range of users from creditors to management
Yes, there are also various fields of accounting, including financial, managerial, auditing, and tax accounting
He was such an extraordinary american singer and musician
"heartbreak hotel"! it was released in january 1956. what about you?
Elvis' music career began in 1954, can you believe that?
heartbreak hotel became number one hit in the United states! I just love this song so much
he was born in Tupelo, Mississippi and relocated to MEmphis when he was 13
Did you watch the Winter Olympic games?  The first Winter games were in 1924.
Actually the concept stretches back to the 8th century BC.
Yes, they were held in Chamonix, France.
Yes, it is used alot in painting and color printing. It is a very great combination of those other colors.
Most yes, The biggest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll. in plants.
I know several minerals have a green color. The emerald is amazing.
Not sure, but in the middle ages, green was the color mostly used to associate merchants and bankers.
Kendrick Lamar is a huge rapper
yea and Kendrick Lamar is quite young for a popular rapper
Kendrick Lamar was born 1987
Kendrick Lamar  was raised in compton california
I recently watched the film version.  I enjoyed Eddie Redmayne as Newt.
Yes, I believe that it is the first in what is going to be a new series of films.
I bet you are right. Rowling has sold over 400 million copies of her books over the years.  
I am not sure if she wrote the actual screenplays, but I do know she was producer on several of the Potter films.
His album From Elvis in Memphis is an overlooked gem, in my opinion - far different than grunge music from the Pacific northwest
Yes, he was pretty good. Sometimes they call him "The King of Rock"
He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi and then went to Memphis
Yes it was. Memphis is located south of the Wolf and Mississippi rivers.
It's hard to tell exactly, but it has been referenced for at least 3000 years. Impressive if you ask me
I actually don\'t know. I don\'t think anyone knows. But a broken heart can actually cause physical damage to the heart called "broken heart syndrome"
It's really crazy, but it's believed to be part of a survival instinct. Losing someone can be a matter of life or death, quite literally. 
It's horrible. But the reason we feel the pain is to try to encourage humans to stay in close relationships when possible.
November Rain is a good one for me
Can you believe that song makes Slash sick? or at least that's what he said in 1990
I'm not sure what his favorite song is, but he has released three solow albums
really? Temper tantrums, about what?
Can't say i blame him. With the Use Your Illusion Tour being the longest tour of 194 shows I can see why he would be sick of him by that point.
Yes, pleasure and most commonly done  for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans 
Yes we are. But it is essential to know the difference between  Lawful hunting and poaching. which is the illegal killing, trapping or capture of the hunted species.
Yes and because of there excessive hunting , it  contributed to the endangerment, extirpation and extinction of many animals. We need to stop that from  happening
Ten pin bowling is fun, but I live in Canada and like five-pin bowling as well.
I agree, wearing borrowed shoes is not very enjoyable for me either.
I haven't gone in a while either.  My son used to be part of a youth league and bowled every weekend.
Yes! Golden retrievers are considered great family dogs, so they were chosen to be cross-bred with poodles
The first Goldendoodle was bred in 1969 by Monica Dickens
Yes, they were initially created in order to create guide dogs for people with allergies
You should! Although many goldendoodles don't have the same hypo-allergenic coat as poodles, many goldendoodles have a low to non-shedding coat
He was born February 8, 1955 and is an american bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist
Most definetly!  He is best known for his popular legal thrillers
His first bestseller is "The Firm" it sold more than seven million copies
It is a story about attorney Mitchell McDeere and his family 
I love Irish coffee.  You need Irish whiskey, sugar and thick cream.
Yea, coffee too. You are not supposed to use whipped cream but modern recipes do so.
Originally, it was served to a group of very cold American passengers from a boat.  The restaurent owner soothed them by poring whiskey into their coffee.  So he did not use cream either
Yes, some recipes specify brown sugar.
Bailey's is really good.  Irish coffee was introduced to the US by a travel writer who drank it in a Shannon airport.
Yeah no kidding! I feel like we cannot have privacy anymore on the web now. Facebook, instagram, snapchat etc. are all pretty scary.
Yes. I was told facebook even has profile of people that never signed up!
Yes that is exactly what is going on! Do you have a facebook profile?
Yes it can get pretty addictive! I mostly use it to keep contact with old friends myself.
Yes, Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of candy stores In several major cities
Its not a candy bar that is the name of a chain of candy stores owned by Dylan Lauren, Ralph Laurens daughter
Located in Miami Beach, Los Angeles. Chicago, Miami, New York, East Hampton
Dylan's Candy Bar stocks over 7000 candies from around the world!
Are you really? I love skiing, like downhill skiing. I would go every year to ski. Skiing is been around for 5 millennia 
Do you use long skis and poles? I do. Skiers a long time ago would use one pole haha
Yeah thats what I think most use. Ive seen people with stubby short skis and no poles before. The first skier who used two poles was back in 1741
Cool I didnt know that! Ive seen where people have also used one long non arching ski on one foot and a shorter ski on the other. Im not sure how that works though.
Ha yeah! Until you lose your skiis in the woods! Haha
That is a good question! I have no idea.  In today's world their are several fields of accounting, including financial accounting and tax accounting
Unlike most countries, in the United States has a comprehensive set of accounting principles
A little, in other countries there are rules to be followed by accountants, to maintain books, as long as they are comprehensible and understandable.
Yup, a version for Android was released 2 years later.
Yes, and then can even add locations through geotags!
I really like that people can add hashtags to their posts because hashtags are so essential in social media.
Me too its abbreviated GNR
Oh it was Appetite for Destruction, killer tune! 1987
Yes it was a hit that reched number one
100 million records world wide!
Well that's why health insurance is important.
Well it's normally a small fraction versus the whole bill.
I'm not sure but for several decades all billing was done on paper.
Now they have medical practice management software to help efficiently manage large amounts of insurance claims.
I like skiing as well. It is a recreational activity or mode of transport in the snow.
Yeah and skiing has been around for almost five millenia. That is a long time!
Yeah and skiing has been around for almost five millenia. That is a long time!
True, and on one leg they wore a non-arching ski for sliding and the other a short one for kicking.
Yeah, and the first depiction of a skier with two ski poles is from 1741.
yeah a self inflicted shotgun wound...Really sad
i didn't even know he struggled with a heroin addiction, that definitely doesn't help
yes Nirvana! Their debut album was called Bleach
their main success though was definitely smells like teen spirit
I agree 100 percent. Cheerleading not only includes chanting slogans but involves lots of physical activity.
Chearleading is very strenuous. Especially now that it also considered a competitive sport in itself. Routines range from one to three minutes. The routines contain lots of tumbling and jumps.
That is a difficult move. I love how in 1997 Cheerleading became an international competition. It was even aired on ESPN.
Its such a fun movie. To think that most people think cheerleading is only about cheering on your  team for encouragement have no idea how hard it can be is crazy.
It really is! It's also between blue and yellow.
It is a mixture of yellow and blue in subtractive color systems though.
The dominant wavelength is also 495570 nm.
Oh yes, my bad. In the RGB color system it is a mixture of cyan and yellow.
It really is, without RGB we wouldn't have screens.
I loved Elvis! I saw him in concert when I was 11. He was born Elvis Aaron Presley in January of 1977 and not only was a singer but also was an actor and musician.
He was called the "King of Rock and Roll" or some just call him "The King" and he was one of the biggest icons of the 20th century.
It is so tragic! His first single "Heartbreak Hotel" became number 1 in the United States. 
He came from such a small town, when he was born in Tupelo, Mississippi and moved to Memphis when he was 13. Who would have guessed he would be the KING! lol
He was so generous and often gave away vehicles! His series of tv appearances and top singles made him the leading figure of the sound of rock and roll.
Yeah, he was the Great Khan and he was born in 1162.
He was actually the founder of the Mongol empire!
He became powerful by unifying the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia and he died in 1227.
Exactly, he launched Mongol invasions and conquered the majority of Eurasia.
It really was, though these campaigns were accompanied by huge amounts of killings of civilians so he wasn't the greatest guy.
I do. I get turkeys a lot. That's three consecutive strikes.
Hambone is when you get four consecutive strikes. I've never gotten that.
IT's really fun. You should at least ry. You never know.
I've heard of that color! Green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.
I believe it's similar to the color spectrum, the visible spectrum is the portion of the electromagnetic spectrum which is visible to the human eye.
I'm not sure of all the colors in the visible spectrum, but I k now some are not included such as pink and magenta because they are a mix of multiple wavelengths.
I think that\'s correct, I forgot about "ROYGBIV". Green has also been helpful in nature by playing a role in chlorophyll that plants use.
Yes, I was very sad after the Deathly Hallows was released in 2007
Because it was the final chapter in the Harry Potter series. It dealt with the events involving the final confrontation between the wizards and Voldemort.
Voldemort appears in all the books either in form of a flashback or in person. With the exception of the Prisoner of Azkaban where they only mention him.
Harry Potter has the power to vanquish him according to prophecy. All is revealed in the Deathly Hallows. I would recommend reading it.
You are very welcome, I hope you enjoy reading all the Harry Potter books as much as I have.
You know, "ski" is a Norse word. I think that explains a lot. Vikings like painful hobbies.
Yeah. They used to have one ski for gliding and one for kicking. Sounds like a better version of todays snowboard. We're regressing.
I didn't know that. Do you think that would work for water skiers too? The canvas might get wet. And you'd need a miracle to carry it across the surface of the water!!
So it would take me three hours to smash off a Cheesecake Factory cake from Barnes & Noble. Depressing.
Don't they have a large rivalry with UCF that started in 2005?
Their head coach Josh Heupel used to me an offensive coordinator at my school, The University of Missouri.
UCF is in Orlando, isn't that a little ways away from USF?
oh really? But Elvis is know as the "King of Rock and Roll"
I think Elvis spent most of his time in the south. Mainly in Mississippi and Tennessee
I read that his music career begin in 1954 at Sun Records
Ah yes. Sam Phillips also was connected to Johnny Cash.
They are high achievers who had released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States.
Another great singer was.Michael Joseph Jackson.,he was dubbed the king of pop music.He shook the music industry 
At the age of 5, as a member of The Jackson 5, and began a solo career in 1971.  become some of the world\'s best-selling records: "Off the Wall" (1979), "Thriller" (1982), "Bad" (1987), "Dangerous" (1991) and "" (1995).
Yeah on  June 25, 2009, Michael Jackson died of acute propofol and benzodiazepine intoxication at his home on North Carolwood . Though his death was believed to be a case of homicide
Yes, being a neurosurgeon, or aka a brain surgeon, does require many, many years of education.
Oh, for sure! One has to know how to prevent, treat, diagnosis and help rehabilitate disorders of the nervous system. Which includes brain, peripheral nerves and spinal cord.
I'm not sure, but you need at least seven years after graduating from med school of training.
I understand, here in the US, one has to do 4 years of unergrad education, 4 years of med school and 7 years for residency!
They do, and usually they have to learn some science or participate in clinical research for residency.
I post pictures of my son on Instagram all the time! Such a cool photo-sharing app
yes, i agree with you! I can't believe it was created in 2010 and excusevily for IOS operating system
me too. Now it's owned by Facebook
yup, i've read about it the other day. Do you use hashtags on your posts? it helps to link photos to other content on instagram
i'm so glad now we can upload media at full size and not in square
I have some investments in mutual funds, but not in individual shares.
It depends on various factors, but I find that the holding period is most important. You have to be able to stick it out through economic swings.
Unless you're talking about an enormous and sustained downturn, most of the time if you wait long enough you will recover, so I tend to be optimistic that will occur. The market is volatile by nature, you have to be patient.
Absolutely! Many funds now allow small investments, and so long as you don't try the high risk funds, making a little profit will usually encourage you to invest more.
Pick the highest rated fund from a Google search, see if it offers self or small investment, and put $50 in it! It's that simple! Good luck!
The first game was played on November 6, 1869 between 2 college teams.
I am actually not sure of that. I do know it evolved in the United States.
I personally love it, I look forward to the Super Bowl every year.
The novels are about a young wizard, Harry Potter and his friends
Yes. The first novel was released in 1997 and the books are insanely popular
Not sure but they have sold fifty million copies world wide in 73 languages
I have seen a couple of the movies when I was younger, im not a huge fan though! Everyone seems to love the series, i know it was produced by J.K Rowling.
My husband is a big fan, it mainly follows Harry who is a wizard, along with his friends. They all attend the hogwarts school
That sounds amazing! Im also from Fl. But Orlando is a couple hour drive for me, I do enjoy going there. Imoversal is one of the largest resorts in othat area, besides walt disney world
J.K Rowling is a screenwriter and producer. I cant find much information about other work other then harry potter.
not sure but i heard in the series she cites several other writers as her influencers
I had my Heart broken more than a few times, no doubt. Especially on Valentine's Day.
That's like rough day, the song
It's an Australian guy, named Paulini.
Nah I'm from Tennessee; I saw him on Australian idol once.
Yes I feel grateful for all of the EMS workers who work on an ambulance. They must see some crazy things.
Yes and the quick decision making with the emergency care of patients.
It actually started as a paraprofession in the United States in the 1970s!
Well in the United Kingdom, the paramedic is now a health profession that requires an individual license to practice medicine.
Paramedics in Canada are now being utilized in emergency rooms too.
Yes, I am a big fan of Andrew Lincoln who plays the lead character.
I have not consistently watched each season - what happened?
Yes, thank you! I know that they filmed much of it around Atlanta where I'm from.
I was in Alexandria, Virginia while they were filming and actually ran into a couple of the actors at a restaurant!
Accounting has been called the "language of business. 
You need to get the title of CPA. Its for qualified accountants in numerous countries. 
Yes, you need to go to a College. You have to apply for entrance to institutions.
Just pick one. Million of people apply to college every year.
Gymnastics started off by ancient Greeks that evolved into what we see today.  It included skills for mounting and dismounting a horse.
Sure thing - competitive gymnastics is best known for its event during the Olympics.  You typically see women's event of vault, uneven bars, balance beam and floor exercise.
The ones I listed are for the women's event.  The men's event consist of floor exercise, pommel horse, still rings, vault, parallel bars and horizontal bars.
They do - there are events such as wheel gymnastics and aesthetic group gymnastics.
I believe paramedics are essential health professionals
well you are in the allied health care team, without you guys the chain of health delivery would not even happen
well you are in the allied health care team, without you guys the chain of health delivery would not even happen
thats true but i guess you could get more pay 
bowling is a fun sport though im bad at rolling the ball
its a major sport for throwing stuff
you aim to knock over the pins at the end
strikes are the best when you knock over all the pins in one bowl
yea i loved bowling
I haven't in a long time, it is pretty tough. I wonder how much those guys practice to be able to score a 300, which you need 12 strikes in a row to do!
I guess they just torque their wrist in a certain way, seems hard though. I think if you get three strikes in a row it's called a turkey, how weird is that.
I\'m not sure to be honest, but going to back to weird terms, apparently four strikes in a row is called a "hambone", where do they come up with these names?
Apparently once you get past 3, you just add the word bagger to the number of strikes, so I guess it'd be a five-bagger!
It is the second largest island in the British Isles, which means it has always attracted  a lot of attention!
I agree, unfortunately the population of Ireland was about 6.6 million and it has since grown.
Due to the fact that the island has lush vegetation, there are not many big cities aside from Dublin!
Yes you're right. In fact thick woodlands cover many areas of Belfast.
It was actually started by Dylan Lauren, the daughter of the American fashion designer Ralph Lauren. 
Supposedly she was inspired by Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, by Roald Dahl. 
Ha, yes, I guess her dad probable helped get her started. They stock 7,000 candies from around the world. It's pretty cool.
Yes they were awesome.  All of the characters including Ronald Weasley, Hermione Granger, and Harry Potter made it all thrilling.  Which is your favorite character?
Hermione granger.  I just think it's cool that she does other movies.  I think it's cool that the first novel was released in 1997 and has a lot of popularity
The books sold over 500 million copies.  So awesome
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do keep up with the American team The Saints. Do you have a favourite team?
Thats cool. My father is from Baltimore so I watched the Ravens growing up quite a bit. My mother was a Steelers fan so there was quite a rivalry 
Do you like any other sports?
Very cool. I'm a Soccer and rugby fan myself.
It isn't super popular in the States but growing in popularity in places like Germany and the UK
I know that it can be used for transport, or recreational activites, and even a competetive sport
It evolved in scandinavia, but it was apparently practiced 100 centuries ago in china
I am not sure, they typically hold their own. The first record of a skier is from 1741
Nobody in particular, there has not been a stand out in the way Michael Phelps is, for example
The Genghis Khan who founded the Mongol Empire?
He united many of the nomadic tribe of Northeast Asia.
I have no clue but when he died he was buried in an unmarked graved somewhere in Mongolia.
No, but before he died he assigned Ogedei Khan as his successor.
If your asking how many types there are,They usually include the corn dog or a pig in a blanket.
Oh ok, Yeah I know that some types of hot dog sausages are imported from Germany and popularized in the US, Hot Dogs became a working-class street food sold at hot dog stands and carts usually in cities like New York..
Indeed they are, In New York people like to just call them dogs and dont usually say "Hot Dog". 
I see cheerleading as an important part of competition. It boosts my motivation to play harder. Cheerleaders do indeed engage in intense physical activity
Mainly running as fast as he can. I take my inspiration from Jake Long who was a former offensive tackle in American football history
Yes. For more, i suggest you to watch some videos of Tom Brady who played for New England Patriots
I may consider it among my favorites. Its history is mainly tied to one Boston business executive called William Sullivan
His first which was made available in 2010 is called Overly Dedicated
He worked with prominent artist like The Game, Busta Rhymes, and Snoop Dogg
He is a good rapper because his songs got to  two on the US "Billboard" 200 chart 
in 2015,  he won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album at the 58th ceremony.
I mean it is halfway between those on the visible spectrum. The largest creator of green in nature is the chemical chlorophyll. 
It is! And during the middle ages, green was associated with merchants and the gentry.
I'm not sure, but it is also associated with Ireland all things Gaelic.
Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows
The word comes from the Latin "arcus"
 archery has been used for hunting and combat.
Well today it's different, because it is  a competitive sport and recreational activity.
Ah, well, Harry Potter is a fantasy series created by J.K. Rowling. It's pretty popular
Oh, it's great! It really brings the books to life. It generally revolves around the struggle between Harry Potter and Lord Voldemort (plus his lackeys)
You should! They have attracted a huge following of adults and younger people.
MS(Multiple Sclerosis) is a demyelinating disease in which the insulating covers of nerve cells in the brain are damaged, unfortunately we did not fully cure him though made it a lot easier for him  
The main clinical measure in progression of the disability and severity of the symptoms is the Expanded Disability Status Scale or EDSS, if you ever see these symptoms please do consult your local doctor, of course we have some kind of treatment but i hope that in the future technology advances very far where we can completely cure people of this disease  
Multiple sclerosis can cause a variety of symptoms: changes in sensation (hypoesthesia), muscle weakness, abnormal muscle spasms, or difficulty moving; difficulties with coordination and balance; problems in speech (dysarthria) are other major symptoms! 
It is called the language of business because lots of people work with numbers, but especially you.
That's the way they make accountants appear on television right.
I wonder if the mathematician Luca Pacioli who established modern accounting wore one.
Yeah, those bulbs are going away slowly because they waste energy.
Yes, I like the colour green, but I prefer blue. 
I don't but I think that the colour blue might symbolize cold and calm?
Are you a huge Green Bay Packers fan? Are you from Wisconsin?
Hey I'm from Canada too! Ontario to be sepcific. I know lots of Packers fans here though. 
Johnny Cash is one of the best-selling music artist of all time, he sold 90 million records!  Do you think you could be an Elvis impersonator?
Practice makes perfects!  They make a living doing it and there are even radio stations that exclusively feature Elvis impersonator material.  
Vegas is a good place, but could be oversaturated there.  Professional Elvis impersonators work all over the world as entertainers, so if you like to travel its a great gig.
They are everywhere!  He was regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.  The King of Rock and Roll!
They are so good!! Gymnastics actually evolved from exercises that the Greeks used
haha not bars no! But it actually came from them doing drills on mounting horses and circus performance!
Yeah! the best known gymnastics is the competitive artistic gymnastics 
I don't agree! I hate winter- it's the coldest season, and where I live, there is usually so much snow. Yuck!
You would see a lot of snow! Moving is not so easy, I'm Canadian, and when it is winter, it is winter in the whole country. 
I've never been to Puerto Rico, but I'm not sure I could get a visa. It's tempting- but aren't they still without electricity in many regions?
Hmmm...I like a tropical climate. Think they need special education teachers? That's what I do. 
Wow, that is very interesting and appealing. I like the idea of teaching English as a second language. Good idea that you've given me!
Oh really? Were you varsity level? Cheerleading must be some fantastic encouragement for the repsective team!
Shrek prides himself for his green, foulness, would you say you are as confident as Shrek with your cheerleading?
I loved Shrek so much I saw the Musical, Jeanine Tesori is a fantastic composer.
Yep she is a composer and arranger, what's the difference though really?
Hans is a film scoring wunderkind. Germany should be very proud to have birthed such a genius.
Never really got into them but they are a Canadian rock band. They formed around 1995. 
Nickleback is on of the most successful bands from Canada. They have sold over 50 million albums surprisingly enough. 
Oh wow that is insane. Nickelback also have four albums on the Billboard top albums of the decade. They are also listed as number 7 on the Billboard top artist of the decade.
I though the same. Nickelback achieved mainstream success from their 2011 album Silver Side Up. I believe that is when they blew up.
It is founded in Detroit in 1989. And they  performs a style of hip hop known as horrorcore 
No.  Shaggy 2 Dope real name is Joseph William Utsler and he is an American rapper
Of course yes, they have earned two platinum and five gold albums
Does the color green make you think of certain foods? 
Do you like eating broccoli and spinach raw or steamed? 
I like it steamed and raw. They are both good vegetables.  
Yes I try to eat as much of a vegetarian-centric diet as possible. 
I eat more vegetarian based  mostly because it has less issues with health problems and it is generally cheaper. 
He was the Great Khan and the founder of the Mongol Empire, the largest empire in history.
Yes I did know that and he came to power by uniting the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia.
In 1227, he died after defeating the Western Xia.
His grandsons are the ones that later split his empire into khanates.
How can you pick one. guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger is a god among men. 
Haters gonna hate. 75 years from now the sweet sounds of Chad Kroeger, Ryan Peake, Mike Kroeger and Daniel Adair will still be blowing peoples mind. Don't lie your going to listen to them tonight. 
Your not kidding. I've even died my hair to look like had Robert Turton or Chad Kroegar as you know him. 
The American post-apocalyptic series? The one based on the comic book series by Robert Kirkman? Yes I love it! How about you?
My favorite character is Rick Grimes played by Andrew Lincoln. How's yours?
I love how he forms a group with other survivors and reunites his family. It's a pretty exciting ride! Have you finished the whole series?
I once visited Atlanta Georgia, where the series is filmed. I seen them setting up once. Have you ever seen any behind the scenes footage?
Well I would love to say that it was because I took a class on Japanese history and prehistory... but in reality, it's because I was sleeping with the Japanese professor.
But to be fair, I did also take a class on the History of Japan. It was neat to learn about the Japanese archipelago since prehistoric times.
I thought it was interesting to learn the origin and history of the Japanese imperal dynasty which continues to this day.
I do what we call the multi-author blogs" (MABs) ,popularised in 2010.A combined effort from various blogger authors
Yeah it was ,but in Until 2009, blogs were usually the work of a single individual,but its spread to be a real business.
It happens sometimes, is a person who sows discord on the Internet by starting quarrels or upsetting people.
I ignore all the same.People are subject to their online opinion. We also have fake news peddlers,deliberate misinformation or hoaxes.
He had a series of successful network television shows including a movie called Speedway!
He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi but later relocated to Memphis, Tennessee with his family when he was 13/
Oh yeah! With his guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, they pioneered "rockabilly". Basically what we know as his uptempo fusion of country and blues.
I can see why! Blending bluegrass with rock and roll is pretty seductive! 
Its great, green is made wtih blue and yellow
its also the largest contributor to color in nature
i would assume colors like red and brown were more popular as they are available via berries and mud
yea its a great color i think green is better than colors like blue and stuff since its so common'
is that the internet based photo-sharing app that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately to followers ?
It was created in October of 2010 by Kevin systrom and Mike Krieger and it originally launced exclusively for the iOS operating system
Instagram is owned by Facebook 
yes snapchat featred the "Stories" of 24 hour chronological content, along with "discover" to let brtands show ad-supported short-form entertainment
they have become notable for reporsenting a new mobile first direction for social media, which places a significant emphasis on users interacting with virtual stickers and augmented reality objects.
Some of my favorite video games growing up were adventure games because they combine both the narrative-style of storytelling along with puzzle-solving and exploring different arenas. Do you have a type of game you enjoy?
I'm not sure on that one, but I know that in 2007, the first Game Design Expo was hosted in Vancouver. While it was invented much earlier, technology has exponentially increased this field.
For one, computers and network access are big in this day and age. Often, games are developed by several people across the globe
I think it would depend on which type of game you're referring to. Games can range from board games and card games to video games and simulations. 
Yes it's good to cheer for one's  team as a form of encouragement.
No I have not. The activities in cheerleading can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity
It is performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.
It started in  the late 18th century with the rebellion of male students.
Harsh things happened to students after the American Revolution
I'm not quite sure but to my knowledge John Grisham was a writer, he might've been making movies too, that I don't know.
I never have but I heard his books have been translated into 42 languages, I think he's a popular author.
Oh that's really cool, I heard he was writing thrillers as well. It amazes me how people from different backgrounds write books. Grisham was a lawyer, take Benjamin Spock for example, he was a pediatrician who was writing books too.
Yeah , Spock wrote "you know more than you think you do". So I think anyone can begin writing, using what they\'re best at and own knowledge.
It is such a great work. i commend the British author J. K. Rowling on this. I love every part of the series. 
Her books  won multiple awards, and sold more than 400 million copies.
I am an adult reader of the Harry potter. Even though the audiences for it is not limited to people of my age group. It  attracted a wide adult audience as well as younger readers
of course. I have read it multiple times too. I am not surprised it is the  best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.
I once learnt she once cites several writers as influences in her creation. I wish i could know their names 
It's just there are so many established methods of animals training and each with its adherents and critics so it's hard to choose
which training method do you want me to tell you about? Koehler method, clicker training, motivational training. dominance-based training?
it's also called the obedience training. for a dog to be considered obedient it must respond reliably each time the owner gives a command
Wow ! I prefer the BMX racing is a type of bicycle racing.
I also use the tricycles, quadracycles, recumbent and similar human-powered vehicles 
Yeah I do ,especially the quadracycle
Yeah,its Human-powered quadracyles have been in use since 1853 and have grown into several families of vehicles for a variety of purposes
Ever made a strike? Where all the pins are knocked down on the first roll?
Same! My highest score has been 120 but the highest you can achieve is 300.
There are different types of bowling where you knock down different objects. I have not played those
It is made of sugar in the shape of a bar.
Its not a candy bar its a place to buy candy. Like a candy shop.
They have a few locations but new york is the most known.
Maybem, they have them in chicago,la and miami also.
its just a steamed hot dog in a bun
hotdogs were originally called frankfurter so its german
no frankfurter is the german name for it
not really its just a sausage sandwich but they are good
i have come to realize that green is the most common color in nature
A lot of minerals have the color green in them as well, like emeralds 
jade is a very common green mineral too
well its technically a green gem but im almost sure its a mineral too, i dont know any others
Yeah it's a great, flagship channel with awesome shows like mythbusters and unsolved history. I watched it a lot growing up.
Yeah and it transformed from originally just about doumentaries  into stuff like science and technology.
Yeah i agree. Their use of educational technology and hardware is amazing.
Yes I agree. Do you want to work in technology integration or the use of technology to adance the education of the environment?
Oh nice. I did like the scientific study of society and interaction when I took a class.
The stock market can also be called the equity market or share market. That is where you buy and sell stocks. The stock represent ownership claims on businesses.
Yes, it's like the shares of a company are sold to investors through equity crowdfunding platforms.
You can buy as little or as much as you want. In 2017, the world stock market size was about $76.3 trillion dollars. The skies the limit
There are stock brokers you can contact to help you with that. They US has the largest market (34%), Japan has the next largest (6%) as the United Kingdom is 6% as well.
Good luck with your new endeavor. You can buy shares of common equity as well as other security types, like bonds
I like the New York giants team
American football originated from rugby football
I don't know but I know it's a prelude to American football and the first game of american football was played in 1869 
I think in 1869 when the two colleges came to play under rules of association football
That's right, it was intended as a hybrid of the Jaguar and Mustang Fender guitars.
I sort of get what you're saying. I know the Mustang was a pretty cool guitar, having a unique vibrato system and two single-coil pickups.
I don't play the electric, but I tried to learn the acoustic at one point, but gave up.
I was big into finger picking the acoustic myself, it's a lot of fun, but very hard I found.
Yes, I had to do a 4 year Bachelors degree at an university. I work in management accounting.
My favorite part about management accounting is that as a manager, I use accounting information to better inform myself on what is going on within the company before making decisions that will better the future of the company.
A good advice would be to understand the Management accounting principles (MAP) which develop the core needs of internal management to improve decision support objectives, internal business processes, and more. Following the principles will be very useful when entering the field of management accounting.
it is very nice, it  is an island in the North Atlantic
yes in fact It is separated from Great Britain to its east by the North Channel
i have heard it is the  third-largest island in Europe
in school i learned that  Politically, Ireland is divided between the Republic of Ireland (officially named Ireland), which covers five-sixths of the island
Funny you ask! My daughter introduced me to them last week. They are an American hip hop duo. One is named Violent J and the other Shaggy 2 Dope. I was speechless after listening to them!
They were founded in 1989 in Detroit and their hip hop style is known as horrorcore and they love to give a good show!
What really surprises me is that they have earned two platinum and five gold albums! Has to be a very interesting demographics that buy their albums.
Yes! They have a dedicated following in the "tens of thousands" that call themselves the Juggalos
I never realized until recently that the American football rules became popular because of college football!
Yes, it can be. College football is considered the second tier of American football in the U.S.  I'm a Wolverines fan myself - Go Blue!
I have!  My favorite Cowboy was Emmitt Smith!  Surprisingly, American football is sometimes called gridiron football!
Me too, but not so much anymore.  I liked offense better than defense.
I loved it when my team went to the spread offense.   The no huddle approach is so exciting
What year were you a vikings fan?  I remember Daunte Culpepper as their quarterback, and warren moon too
Ha, that's funny.  The Vikings were an AFL team before the NFL
Yes, you should learn. It's easy because it has simple phonotactics, and a pure vowel system.
Yes, Japanese is somewhat similar to English because a lot of their words have English roots.
Yes, and word order goes from subject to object to verb.
I'm not sure, but in 1185 is when they first started borrowing words from European language.
Athletes normally eat meat in large quantities.
Red meat is divined as any meat that has myoglobin than white
Soy protein is a good source of protein
Ye because Protein's are key to the human body
Yeah I love sweater too .Esp .during cold season.winter.
I meanly wear pull over ,you know the one without buttons that one can pull over the head. Hence the name pull over
Do you know cardigan wascardigan was named after James Brudenel?A British army general! 
Cardigan is modelled after British waist coat worn by British army during the world war.
Yeah mobile phone dated back to the world war period too.It was for radio transmission
Not until now. I had heard of a Labradoodle. The phrase changes "poodle" to "doodle" and was apparently first used in 1992, so quite recent.
A Goldendoodle is the result of breeding a Golden Retriever with a Poodle, hence the name Goldendoodle!
Poodles generally don't shed and breeders wanted to cross breed to obtain a dog which didn't shed but had other desirable traits from other breeds. They are considered good for people with certain allergies.
Well, not all Goldendoodles are non-shedding, but most do have a low to no-shedding coat.
well kurt cobain s a songwriter, a musician, and an American singer!
he was the singer for Norvana, their album Bleach was released in 1989
whaaaat really? Nirvana broke through with their album Nevermind!
dude come on lol Cobain struggled with heroin addiction and depression.
Oh well, people do so with motive of food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade and this is bad
Well, the animals that are hunted are called prey and are  and are usually mammals and birds.
maybe fishes are allowed.  capture and release, or capture for food of fish is called fishing. Try fishing
If the purpose is not for killing then it's ok to hunt. Especially if your intention is wildlife photography, birdwatching, or scientific research  
It definitely is fun to watch, and the self-discipline the gymnasts have amazes me!
I can only imagine the hard work that goes into it, as well as the self-confidence and self-discipline!
True, but they also have great muscle development in their arms, legs, back, and chest which probably helps.
He was a very sweet kitty. I recently discovered that broken heart syndrome can actually lead to real physical damage to the heart! Isn't that crazy?
Well, some experts believe that the emotional pain of a broken heart is part of humans' survival instinct! Can you guess why?
That is probably part of it, but the emotional pain system of a broken heart encourages humans to keep their close social relationships. Maybe to assure humans' continued reproduction? 
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels 
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley,
Yes all the young character are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
The book highlights Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body
"Harry Potter and the Philosopher\'s Stone", which was released on 26 June 1997, the books have found immense popularity
on the visible spectrum the color green is the color between blue and yellow
the light which it evokes has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm
i know that the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, thats the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into engery
yes but also many creatures have changed to their green environments by taking on a green hue as comouflage.
the color green was commonly associated with merchants bankers and the gentry in the middle ages
Its a show in which sheriff's deputy Rick Grimes wakes up from a coma and realizes that a zombie apocalypse has happened!
Yes, Rick Grimes, portrayed by Andrew Lincoln, is a famous actor!
I am not sure, but I know that due to favorable Nielsen ratings, the show ranks unprecedentedly high!
So, I see you are excited about cheerleading, it all about team and ecouragement.
Yes. Dont forget about the changing slogans that can get you up going to get you into physical activity.
Hmmm intresting but now its used to motivate sports teams and a form of entertainment for people watching
I often wonder if there were competive routines like modern cheerleading
I really enjoy strategy games. Game design is currently a topic in metadesign.
I'm a big fan of open world games like GTA! Games like that have inspired a lot of research in fields of AI and probability.
Me too! They have come a long way and it is nice that it has made participation within groups avaliable.
I think it will hold a lot of AI.
not all the time, sometimes i need a second shot, a spare
what about "turkey"? three consecutive strikes?
Yes and there is "four-bagger" for four consecutive strikes
yes, that is 12 strikes in a row
Yeah, GNR  from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.
"Appetite for Destruction" was my favorite album
Yeah!  Long time ago.  Sweet Child o' Mine came out on that album.
You know that album sold 30 million copies!
Best selling album of all time n the US!
Yes! GNR is one of my favorite rock bands from the 80s!
I do.  The 80s was a great time for dance and new wave music.  I believe the 80s is the staple of what music is today.
Slash is part of the band Velvet Revolver.  I've heard them play at a local rock fest we have here.
It was great!  They have the festival every Memorial Day weekend, and always have tons of older 80s and some new age bands.
Sure thing.  Elvis was born in Tupelo, Mississippi and moved to Memphis when he was 13 years old. 
That I'm not sure about.  But more on Elvis Presley, he was regarded as the King of Rock and Roll!
Yes!  The Hound Dog is my favorite.  It's been recorded more than 250 times by other musicians.
It is a great place to find cat videos, and dog videos that are lol.
It is easy to use. I also find lots of U2 pop album music there. 
Do you ever listen to the British band Bow Wow Wow?
YEs. We agree. My next favorite band is The Beach Boys. Who did the Pet Sounds album. 
I love Guns N' Roses, or GNR. They formed while I was still a baby but by the time they were famous I was a little older.
To date, they've release 6 studio albums that sold over 100million albums total.
I agree. They even put out twin albums that debuted #1 and #2 on the Billboard chart which went on to sell 14 million copies in the US alone.
"Use Your Illusion I" and "Use Your Illusion II" they were released in 1991.
Yes. They were actually released on the same day to go along with the tour of the same name.
Only 6 I believe. It's a hard relationship to lose.  But lost human relationships are worse.
 Loyal bonds definitely contribute to a good state of well-being. It is studied as being positive in psychology.
Yes i did! It's neat how dogs have acquired the ability to understand and communicate with humans
Green is created using a combination of yellow and blue.
In nature, green is a sign of chlorophyll.
A lot of creatures have taken on green as a form of camouflage.
Many minerals have a green color.
Actually, many cultures have been using different herbal concoctions and tonics to increase strength and stamina. 
Since Ancient times...many cultures have been using supplements since ancient times.
Once concoction used back then was "beef juice" it was a way to "enhance muscle recovery"
That is very impressive! I love to bowl but I am terrible. Bowling is a sport where a players rolls a ball towards a target and I was lucky to known down half of them! lol
Wow! To achieve a score of 300 it means that you have 12 strikes in a row. Have you ever achieved this score?
The 7-10 split is one of the "goal posts" where you are left with the most left and right pin in the back row! Is it even possible?
The 7-10 is known as a very difficult split to obtain!
That is awesome, Have you heard about color psychology? it is the study of how different hues determine human behavior.
Sure! For example study suggest that heterosexual men tend to report that red outfits enhance the attractiveness of women.
Well the tough thing about this field is that there are a lot of factors that influence how effective it is, and the effects differ between people.
I am a senior university student and my girlfriend graduated last year and moved to a different city to pursue further education, so we rely on Skype to talk face-to-face and vacations. 
Do you know what Skype is? It lets you see each other and send messages on your computer. Did you use it in your own long distance relationship?
Skype is pretty great because you can make free calls from your phone or computer to their phone - which really helps when you want to talk all the time to your on again, off again girlfriend. 
Kurt Cobain was a singer and songwriter
Cobain was born in Aberdeen, Washington
Nirvana\'s first album, "Bleach", was released on Sub Pop.
Frances Bean Cobain is a visual artist and model.
Cobain was uncomfortable with the label and felt misrepresented.
Ive always love the pale color of red. its also known as pink. its also named after a flower(named pink
not sure of any other plants. i do know it was first used as a color name in the late 17th century.
Theres no i formation on that fact but the comp. color of rose or pink is considered spring green.
Spring green is a type of color that is in between cyan and green.
Theres a bunch of colors you could possibly make with those two colors as a base. Green is a very common color mostly found in nature.
Yes, in particular the album Bleach released in 1989 under Subpop.
Yes, I will never forget April 8, 1994 the day Courtney found him dead.
The band Yes, formed in 1968 in London, is still a favorite.
They have explored so many musical styles throughout the years
I love them. They are the progressive band that started up in 1985 and went by the name Majesty at the time
I haven't been. I know years ago a skier only used one pole. I can't imagine that!
I imagine it was too difficult and probably why they started using two poles back in 1741. lol
I guess so lol. Of course, I would think in environments were snow covered the ground, they probably used skis as a means of transportation, all those years ago.
I think it became more of a recreational activity in the middle 1800s. And of course, ski resorts were soon built for that market.
he had to share a bed with his mom into his teens!
he pioneered rockabilly how neat is thaty
yeah he really brought rock and roll to the masses, thanks elvis
rememebr when heartbreak hotel came out, what a hit
You mean the King of Rock and Roll. Actually yes I am. Best of all time. Don't you agree?
You should be ashmed of your self. Presley\'s first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel" was America\'s top selling song.
Elvis "The King" sold over 1 billion units world wide. That\'s more then anyone out now or in the last 25 years.
He was born in 1935 but did not start singing until the mid 50's until the early 70s. You just have bad taste. He is no Taylor swift huh?
That\'s awesome!  You speak the "language of business" as they call it.  I took some course myself and love measuring the results of economic activities for a company.
That can be daunting with all those numbers to crunch but financial reporting is important since that is basically a synonym for accounting.
It can be so foreign!  When I first started courses, I was struck by all the different fields in accounting from financial to management to, the one everyone is scared of, auditing. ha ha
It is crazy how fearful everyone is of it.  If you're keeping your finances in order, you shouldn't be worried. Its only if you're making some bad choices that those auditors will gather evidence of all your errors and misstatements. yikes!
Sad but true.  Tax resistance has probably existed ever since rulers began imposing taxes on the people.  Some things never change. 
I see, since the usual target is to knock over pins, do you really need shoes?
So do these shoes help get all pins knocked down on the first roll?
Oh I did not know that. The maximum score is 30 so either way shoes or not, you have to use your hands!
I do not use Instagram, but I do use Facebook.  Apparently Facebook owns Instagram.
I am not too old, mainly lazy.  Originally Instagram only allowed photos to be uploaded in a distinct square shape.  
I have actually started to worry about the personal information that I constantly upload to social media.  Has user privacy ever been an issue for you?
I guess Facebook has also been accused of allowing third party websites track the likes of users, so that's pretty problematic behavior.
Not myself, I don't like trapping or killing animals personally.  How about you?
Well for the most part we all like to eat meat, so maybe it's just his natural instinct to want to hunt.
Right but you son hunts not you, do you know if he eats what he hunts?
What does he hunt?  Fox?  It is still legal in a lot of countries including the United States.
I know that a General is important, and that there is a star system.
one star on lapel the lowest ran, up to I THINK 5 stars for the highest.  Maybe 4.  So a 1 star general not as important as a 4 star general.
Exactly!  A major outranks a lieutenant, but I think a lieutenant outranks a sergeant-major.
who cares about them! its also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron
i dont know if you know this but the team with the most points at the end of the game, wins.
they take this oval-shaped ball, and they attempt to advance it down field by running or passing the ball into the opponents endzone.
I love the Green on jade, It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm
It is really interesting that  By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize
im not sure but Several minerals have a green color and they look really nice on jewelery
Well, I think the singer Chad Kroeger is great! But, all of the group are so good. Ryan Peake, Mike Kroeger and Daniel Adair.
Yes, and they are actually one of the top bands from Canada. They sold over 50 million albums around the world. They were ranked 11th in best selling music acts
Yes, they signed with Roadrunner Records in 1999, when they re-released their album "The State".
I love bowling!  Bowling is a sport or leisure activity
i think the target is usually to knock over pins at the end of a lane
well A strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll
for many years . Three  strikes is a "turkey".
What kind of nursing do you do? I've always thought it would be neat to be a labor and delivery nurse.
I've heard there is a shortage of ER nurses.
Mercy Ships is the largest hospital providing free health care.
Yes me also. U.S. has the highest healthcare rates in the world.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 that is not very good.
Rock music of Canada is a wide and diverse part of the general music of Canada
Nickelback is one of the most commercially successful Canadian groups, and I don't know why.
Perhaps it is guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger
In addition to his work with Nickelback, Kroeger has been involved with a variety of collaboration
I do Cross-country skiing
Its a type of move across snow-covered terrain, rather than using ski lifts or other forms of assistance
It has a  a history of almost five millennia
There is even a whole science behind the study of color called color psychology.
Sure thing! It covers many different topics including how color can even influence the taste of food.
It's crazy how much color influences our daily lives. This changes as we get older and even differs between genders!
It doesn't differ all that much. Society has influenced gender through colors like blue and pink for masculine and feminine.
I did read a couple of the fantasy novels written by British author JK Rowling. I enjoyed the movies as well.
Yes, I thought it was good as well. It is an extension of the wizarding world from the Harry Potter series.
Harry Potter has attracted a wide adult audience, as well as younger readers. If you go to Universal you will see whole families dressed up!
The books have sold 500 million copies worldwide, making it the best-selling book series in history. Wow that is impressive!
I am always ready for some football, and I mean the oval shaped ball not the round!
I know, I am talking about American football like the NFL or NCAA college games.  They are just around the corner.  Do you like football?
Do you have a favorite football team?  Mine is the Dallas Cowboys from the NFL.
The real games don't start until September.  I hope to go to one this year at AT&T Stadium!
I know! He was crazy. He came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of NE Asia.
Yep. He had a lot of large scale massacres of civilian populations.
He was very smart. By the end of his life, the Mongol Empire took over a large portion of Central Asia and China
He finally died in 1227. He had quite the life!
Dylan's Candy Bar is a great brand of candy
Dylan's Candy Bar is a candy supplier
it stocks over 7000 candies from across the world
yes and t is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.
Kurt Cabain was very talented, and only 28 when he died- he was a singer, songwriter and musician. 
You probably heard "Smells Liek Teen Spirit", it was their big hit. 
I can't believe Kurt Cobain died in 1994. That seems so long ago. But the music still seems fresh today. 
The role varies wildly in responsibilities, it evolved as a paraprofession in the United States during the 1970s.
I'm not sure, but paramedic role is closely related to other healthcare positions. Paramedicals usually have more responsibility and autonomy than a medical tech role.  
Not really in the USA, they more of prepare the patient for the doctors. However the scope of the role varies in the area that they practice. 
Awesome! They are a rock band, right?
Cool! When were they formed?
What's your favorite album from them? I love Sweet Child O Mine.
Ahh I see. Have you ever heard of Use Your Illusion I?
Oh I like that song!
Yea i did since kurt cobain was part of such a big band as a singer
Not sure cobain had so many good songs on Nirvana
Kurt Cobain has plenty of his songs on the playstore.
no problem
Hello! Nice to meet you! I'm not a fan of math, I could never be an accountant!
I would turn everything into Hello Kitty! Even as an adult, I love her!
I believe I\'d be able to do some math if I was watching "Growing Up With Hello Kitty" on TV!
That\'s great! Have you heard the song, "Hello Kitty"? It\'s by Avril Lavigne"
I can't say I am a fan of Nickelback or Canadian rock music in general.
I would have to say my favorite kind of music is classical and metal.
My favorite current band is Alestorm but my favorite classic band is Black Sabbath.
I love Queen! One of my favorite bands of all time.
My favorite song by Queen has to be "Somebody to Love".
Due to the political conflicts, Ireland is divided between the Republic of ireland and Northern Ireland.
The island has a enormous amount of vegetation. But the climatic condition varies a lot.
According to 2013 survey, the wooden land in ireland is about 11% to that of the Europe which has as average of 35%.
In ireland totally there are twenty six special of mammals are available as their native.
Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping animals.  I dont hunt
Hunting can be done for food, recreation or to remove dangerous animals from the area
Hunting lawfully is different than poaching, which is killing of certain species
Yeah, excess hunting can lead to the endangerment and extinction of many animals
Its weird because capturing fish for food is called fishing and is not concidered hunting
I agree. He's a well known cultural icon. One of my favorite singers, the king!
Oh wow, I would have thought it was dyed that color. He definitely made himself known as the lead person of rock and roll!
That's so cool! I would have never known otherwise. It's always great to learn something new,
That sounds like an interesting sandwich. He began his music career in 1954, and wanted to bring a different sound of music to a wide audience.
True. Can you believe that it\'s said the emotional "pain" of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.
Well I am actually a psych major and  "social-attachment system" uses the "pain system" to encourage humans to maintain their close social relationships by causing pain when those relationships are lost.
Yes, Although The neurological process involved in the perception of heartache is not known, but is thought to involve the anterior cingulate cortex of the brain, which during stress may overstimulate the vagus nerve causing pain, nausea or muscle tightness in the chest; which is insame how our mind can interact with out bodies
AMERICAN FOOTBALL RIGHT? ASSOCIATED WITH FOOTBALL AND RUBGY?
WHAT ABOUT COLLEGE FOOTBALL? THATS WHERE THE RULES FIRST GAINED POPULARITY IN THE US RIGHT?
DID YOU EVER WATCH THE XFL ALTHOUGH IT ONLY HAD ONE SEASON ON 2001/
IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE OUTDOOR FOOTBALL  DURING NFL, HAVING FEWER RULES AND ENCOURAGING ROUGH PLAY.
Its a game and animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade.
Hunting advocates state that hunting can be a necessary component of modern wildlife management, 
Vegetarianism is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat (red meat, poultry, seafood, and the flesh of any other animal),
Yeah,it would save you some cost I suppose?
The terms "accounting" and "financial reporting" 
Well you can attend Ondokuz May\xc4\xb1s University (OMU) is a major state university founded in 1975 ,in Turkey.
We have the Financial accounting focuses on the reporting of an organization's financial information, including the preparation of financial statements,
We also have the Management accounting principles (MAP) were developed to serve the core needs of internal management to improve decision support objectives.
Yes it originated from association football and rugby.
Yes the first march was played in 1869.
Yes it was between Rutgers and Princeton.
Do you ski? Cross country or recreationally?
I totally get that. Skiing has been around for almost five millennia.
Hahaha. Yes, it\'s very bulky. And the boots! I felt like Frankenstein trying to walk in those things. I read that the work "ski" was exported from Norway.
Oh yes, because it concerns the human brain. It can also be referred to as brain surgery
Its not really a new thing, students study hard for it, the United States, a neurosurgeon must generally complete four years of undergraduate education, four years of medical school
Oh yes, in most countries, neurosurgeon training requires a minimum period of seven years 
I do not know exactly where they are from.  Most came over the great potato famine to avoid starvation between 1845-1849
Over a million people died during that period and another million left Ireland.  It was caused by potato blight.
It is a disease that affects the potato plant.  In ireland 2/5 of the population was solely reliant on potatoes at the time
There is a potato virus which results in production loss, but also can cause ringspot disease and makes the potatoes unmarketable
I like plants which explains why I like green so much, chlorophyll is the largest contributor to green in nature.
Absolutely, in fact that is why many creatures have adapted by taking on a green hue as camouflage so they can hide in nature.
Well my affinity for green makes since because the color green has a long history in Ireland and Gaelic culture, and thats where a lot of my ancestors are from.
To make Irish coffee you just add whiskey, its really good, have you tried it?
Well it depends on how much whisky you pour lol, I like my Irish coffee strong.
Im not sure as there are  different variation of this coffee.
The original recipe uses cream that has not been whipped.
Yeah, the original recipe uses it, Im not sure if it tastes good though.
I quite like American football or gridiron as well.
It kinda makes sense, since American football or gridiron doesn't involve the foot that much.
That must be nice haha. It involves two teams and a rectangular field.
It might be that american football has caused brain damage and concussions and all that.
Oh, yes, i love bowling.  Rolling that ball down the lane and knocking down the pins gives me a charge.
Since it is one of the major throwing sports, it is a lot loke the javelin throw.
I think it is.  Have you ever gone pin bowling, where you are trying to knock down the pins with a small ball?
Called duckpin bowling, you use a 5 inch ball that weighs around 3 pounds.
search the web.  The pins are shorter, lighter and smaller than regular pins, so it is still difficult.
Me too! I love browsing all sorts of different hashtags! It's amazing how many different posts and photos I find!
Haha! I know! I can spend hours testing various digital filters for my photos! It's so addicting!
No, they're very easy! You should try it! I also like how I can share my Instagram posts to my other social media profiles. It's so much better than having to post to each site individually.
Yes, it's very convenient! Instagram is actually owned by Facebook, so I think that helps make things super user-friendly.
You definitely should! You're coming in at a great time too. Users are able to upload photos at full size. Previously, users could only upload photos that were a square shape.
Oh my favorite shade is the mineral emerald, colored green due to chromium.
I don't but would love to go to Ireland and buy one!  It just reminds me of the Irish!
It has the culture of the United Kingdom with a liberal democracy and is a major power.  I just like the people, though.
The United Kingdom of GB and Northern Ireland is is western Europe.
Well, definitely a large country. in 2011, its population was 1,810,863!
I enjoy bowling, but I don't go all that often. My highest score is only a 220, which is far short of the maximum score of 300. 
I only have used the bowling balls provided at the bowling alley. Most of the time I use the 12lb ball. Most of the time I hold the ball in the palm of my hand when I throw it.
The accuracy of the bowling ball really boils down to practice and using the same ball over and over again. 
You would have to start out playing in local leagues and then move your way up. You would have to do very well, because it is one of the major throwing sports and is very competitive. 
It takes a lot of practice, to get the maximum score of 300, you have to score 12 strikes in a row. 
No I have not gone skiing
I don't play any sports, but I do like long distance running
It requires a lot of stamina to keep up, but also mental toughness to stay with it
That is no problem, because athletes in ancient Greece used to consume a lot of meat and drink wine, and used that as body supplements!
Haha, yeah I know right.! But if you wanted to try something else that is less protein, there are a variety of herbal concoctions and tonics available on the market. In fact these have also been used for centuries by ancient athletes to increase their strength and stamina
Yeah, I have heard of that too, that is also a great choice, but it is also important to note that it is a dietary supplement which no longer requires approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration before the distribute the product. So it may not be as safe as you think to take it
Yes you will, or you can always go on a keto diet, which is also great for getting a lot of protein in your diet! 
Haha, I know what you mean, I would never be able to give up carbs either. 
The reaosn we associate green with money is because green was associated with bankers in the Middle Ages.  It was the color of the banker class.
Well it was mainly that they wanted to be close to nobility so they wanted an official color too, like Red was for the nobility
It's obviously a color associated with Ireland.  They do love their green.
St. Patrick's Day was the day I was born!  Definitely give me a link to older Irirsh American culture.
Heh I was only born on the day, I don't think my roots are in Ireland, but rather Wales.
Yes! I much prefer shopping online at home on the Internet rather than fighting crowds in an actual store.
Anything and everything! Housewares, clothing, electronics, you name it! I like the convenience of browsing stores on my laptop, tablet computer and smartphone!
I especially like the functionality of websites like Amazon for shopping. The have a great search feature that allows me to find specific models, brands and items.
I agree! I also like how most online shopping websites allow consumers to view photos of the product, along with features, reviews and prices. You can't easily find that much information in a brick and mortar store!
Yes, that's possible. That's why it's important to only shop from online stores that you can trust. I typically go straight to trustworthy sites rather than relying on shopping search engines which gives me the lowest price.
I love rocks that look greenish. Several have a green color such as emeralds. Do you like emeralds?
Emeralds have a classification of toughness as poor.
It refers to their resistance to breakage
Yes and the emerald gets its green color from its chromium content
Then have you considered poultry farming. You can domesticated birds such as chickens yourself
You can read about stuffs like that and the government bodies like the FDA n overseeing poultry production
Well, maybe some but you have to know that More than 50 billion chickens are raised annually as a source of food. You can be part of this
Luca Pacioli established the modern field of accounting way back in 1494. He was an Italian mathematician. 
Yea that surprised me also. Accounting is also known as the "language of business". It conveys financial information to management, creditors, and investors about an entities position
Accounting has different fields. There is external, management, tax, and cost accounting.  
External accounting does sure. When you here the term "financial reporting" that is synonymous with "accounting" 
It is a lot of fun and has been around a long time.  It goes back almost 5000 years!
The word ski actually comes from skio.  That is Old Norse for split piece of wood
Yes, it was orginally used to aid travel in snowy areas, but now it is pretty much just recreation
Yes, and early skiers actually used spears as ski poles.  
For over 5000 years, but the first instance of a skier with two ski poles was 1741
I LOVE hot dogs with mayonnaise, chili, onions and cheese
No, not in NY, but LA has great Street Food hot dogs.  They're grilled and wrapped with bacon
In Atlanta they had a kiosk for Street Food that had special foot long buns that were U shaped.  They were awesome
No, what is a Pickle Dog?  New kind of Street Food?
I've totally missed it and Street Food is kinda my hobby
Yeah, he was from Washington, where he formed the band Nirvana. Are you a fan?
Nevermind was their first album with their drummer Dave Grohl. Do you know him from the Foo Fighters?
Nirvana was a major part of the Frune scene. It started around the Pacific Northwest. Do you like Grunge music in general?
Do you like alternative music? What is your favorite type of music?
I like both blue and yellow because when you mix the two together, you get green!
Well, I can tell you that most plants in nature are green, due to photosynthesis.
It's a process plants use to live - it converts light into chemical energy that they use to grow and survive.
Some minerals in nature can be found with a greenish color. In particular, emeralds, which is a very popular jewel.
I do too! Emeralds come from a mineral called "Beryl"
They are a great hard rock band I heard some of their music.
No I would only place them in that category from the sound of the drummers and guitarist they are perfect for that genre. 
I believe little River Band does they was a successful ban in both Australia and United States. 
I'm a 90's baby so I grew up on teen pop and dance pop trends I can't speak for the 80's. lol
I haven't! I heard it was the third biggest island in all of Europe though.
Great Britain is one of them, but I am unsure about Scotland. Great Britain is larger than Ireland.
Yes I do. The entirity of the British Isles have an area equal to 315,159 km, and around 70 million people.
There are actually two parts of Ireland divided by politics- the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Auto racing is cool, racing auto motives and cars in Motorsports is awesome 
When it comes to auto racing and motorsports, the fastest automobiles are usually formula 1 cars
Not sure but formula one cars are specially modified racing cars with regulations unique to the championship
THE FIA Formula one world championship
The FIA formula one world championship is different place every time
Well, I'd like to buy shares in companies I like, like Coca-Cola and Nintendo.  But I also want to make some money, so I'd maybe invest in Apple or Tesla.
You know a fun fact about stock markets is that, while the U.S> has the largest stock market, Tiny Japan has the second largest, even beating out China!
Samsung is South Korean, heh.  And definitely the 2008 crash was a major bummer, althought 2009 would have been a GREAT time to buy stocks.
Buy Low, Sell High.  That's the first rule of investing in the stock market.  Might be the only rule, heh
well you have come to the right place! Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target!
The goal is to get a strike. you get a strike when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll, whereas a spare is when all the pins are knocked over on the second shot.
Since 1000 BC! the maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.
Yea, well Jesus created it but it was created 1000 before he was born cause he is the creator of all things! Further strings of strikes are referred to as the number with the word "bagger" such as a "four-bagger" 
you will need shoes for the flat wooden or synthetic surface that the game is played on
Oh yeah, Andrew lincoln does a great job as the sheriff.
All things do with time, but it really took off in the third season when it attracted the 18 to 49 demographic.
I never played it but I am aware it was an episodic choice based game.
I just can't believe its been eight years since The walking dead premiered in 2010.
guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger, guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist Ryan Peake, bassist Mike Kroeger, and drummer Daniel Adair.
"How You Remind Me" was listed as the best-selling song.
Mostly pop rock songs!
Green is such a great color and it is between blue and yellow.
Yeah, and I also know that it has a dominant wavelength of between 495-570 nm.
No as in the wavelength of the color compared to other colors from appearance. Or at least the dominant wavelength.
In the RGB system it is a mixture of cyan and yellow.
Harry Potter was created by JK Rowling.  Do you like it.
I think it's cool that it chronicled the life of wizards at hogwarts.  I'm glad you like it.  What movie was your favorite
It's amazing how long it took potter to take down valdemort.  Snape was a good guy from the get  go.  Was snape your favorite character
I can't believe the books have sold more than 500 million copies.  wow
I don't get why people criticize it so much.  But it for sure helped to shape it.  It included concern with a dark tone and had a depiction of graphic violence.
It's associated with television and computer screens because it is one of the additive primary colors
They're green mainly because of chlorophyll  
During the Middle Ages green was usually associated with merchants and bankers.
Many countries has its own Green Party - in Canada it is a political party in federal politics.  It's been around in Canada since 1983.
Blue, red, and orange are definitely there. Apparently green can be made by a combination of yellow and blue
The color green has a very rich history in Gaelic and Irish culture
St. Patrick's Day is widely celebrated throughout the greater United States. Green has been a staple in Irish culture since the Gaelic eras, even appearing on the flag.
I do not. I wonder if chromium or emerald were a part of the landscape - maybe that started things off
As the founder, he is called The Father of Accounting and Bookkeeping
It is that feeling you have when you do the financial reporting. And to let you know accounting is sometimes called financial reporting
Which of the accounting field did you go for. We have financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting?
I have not but the activity does range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity!
yeah! in fact it can be performed to motivate sports teams, or to entertain the audience, or just for competition.
I'm a big football fan, is it as surprising to you as it is to me that cheerleading actually dates back to the 18th century?
Yes.  It is such a natural color because of the green color from chlorophyll in plants
Yes kudzu was an invasive species that really spread like crazy causing damage everywhere
Yes kudzu is known as the vine that ate the south!
Have you ever seen someone bowl a perfect game, 12 strikes in a row?
Yes, I saw that once,  Three consecutive strikes is a turkey.
Maybe you will enjoy the target version of bowling, where you  try to get as close to the target as you cann
The surface for target bowling could be grass, gravel or any synthetic
Yes I to have suffered from a broken heart. It is painful.
I have found that all humans go through this as it is common in many relationships and cultures. I try not to focus on mine and think of things that make me happy.
It is often said that the affects of heartache produces stress and other emotions.
I have experienced the pain from a broken heart and with mine came the tightness in the chest, stomach, you name it.
Yes it feels almost hard to breathe. It is physical pain.
I love it! It's between blue and yellow on the color spectrum!
I really like hunter green!
I love that one too! Chlorophyll is actually the main component in giving plants their green color, which is why there are so many green plants out there!
Many creatures have actually adapted to their green environments. Many species will take on a green hue themselves called camouflage, which I'm sure you've heard of!
Do you live in Florida by chance? I'm in South Florida, and we have those little lizards everywhere! It's so cool how they change from green to whatever color they are walking on!
Yeah Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger are awesome guys for inventing the app. 
That's true and I like to use all of the digital filters on different images. Sometimes I add geotags!
Yeah and you can also add hashtag to help people find your content. 
I love it too!  I have also read the comic book series by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore and Charlie Adlard
My favorite character is Carol, but I also love Rick, played by Andrew LIncoln - he awakened from a coma surrounded by zombies!
I loved Glenn, and was angry when he died!  He had been a pizza delivery boy from Atlanta and joined Ricks group
I hope he doesn't last long!  Rick is a natural leader even though he doubts himself, and needs to get rid of Neegan!
it can be from from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.
 It can be performed to motivate sports teams but some do it just for fun
 Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes it just depends
Well, I know them as frankfurter and  it is a cooked sausage,  
Well, it would interest you to know that there are varieties of hot dogs which may include   corn dog and pig in a blanket.
Pigs in a blanket is a variety of different sausage-based foods in the United States
No i don't, there are some competitions and cultural events for hots dogs which include Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest and the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile
Yes, actually! I enjoy archery very much. I actually found out it comes from (arcus) Latin!
I don't know many, but I do know that a significant portion of English comes from Latinate sources.
I started when I was ten. I got a winning streak when I was 15, which means I won a consecutive sequence of games.
You could enter the Junior Grand Prix! It's a series of international junior level competitions.
well money my good friend, I imagine creating a financial institution like the medici bank.
Usually you have to have connection, with other power brokers, or through family. My ancestors  were born in the Republic of Florence so I'm well connected.
Of course, you are tasked with "the language of business" which all organizations need to know. You are always in demand.
Yeah, but the most common type in the Northern Hemisphere are the sweat bees. They're actually pretty small and people mistaken them for wasps. 
I have no idea! But I recognize even though I don't like them that they are very important for pollination. Wild bees have been declining which increased the value of managed hives used commercially.
Yes hopefully! People have cared for domesticated bees since Egyptian times around 45000 years ago. There are images of it in their art!
I dont really have a favorite anymore, football is just a typical sport of whoever gets the most points wins
The 1st American football game was played November 1869 between Rutgers and Princeton
American football evolved from Rugby
I haven't ! Where is Ireland?
I think so...It's an island in the North Atlantic, and I think the third largest in Europe.
I'm actually not sure, but it's divided between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Island, which is considered part of the UK.  I bet it's a beautiful country!
I'm not 100% sure, but I think it has something to do with the Norman invasion in the 12th century.
Yes, I love American football. What could be better than two teams of eleven player running on a field? lol
Me too!! I live in DC so I'm a fan. They played more than 1000 games since 1932
Concussions in American football is a big problem. Concussions caused CTE which has led to player suisides
It's Chronic traumatic encephalopy and i's found in people who have had multiple head injuries
Some people think he faked his death. He is considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.
He started in jazz, then helped start what we now call rock. He was known as the King of Rock and Roll.
I heard that as well. Elvis released his first single "Heartbreak Hotel" in 1956 which became a number 1 hit in the USA.
In nature green is the color of cholorphyll
Its cool how many creatures in nature change colors to match the natural green environment
In middle ages green was associated with wealth, bankers, merchants
Green is also the traditional color for Irish and Gaelic cultures 
I'm with you. I do the same! I like to pretend I'm some sort of Greek warrior when I do it and then go train.. because athletes in ancient Greece were told to consume large amounts of meat and wine when training, haha.
You know how it is, people will take anything if they're led to believe it helps them at all. People have taken herbal concoctions and tonics before--strong men/athletes--since ancient times, and this includes all cultures, just because they want an edge in strength/stamina.
But you have some smart, logical visionaries in there, too. Like back in the 1910s, you had Eugen Sandow, one of the first to be considered a modern bodybuilder--he advocated everyone in the Western part of the world to simply use dietary control to help out your muscle growth. Common sense does come around sometimes.
But then you\'d have people like bodybuilder Earle Liederman saying we needed to use "beef juice" and "beef extract" to enhance muscle recovery. So, it\'s hit or miss.
There may be some reasoning to it. I guess if it's not harmful, what's the worst that could happen, right? Irvin P. Johnson, a competitive bodybuilder from the 1950s, around the time when that stuff was becoming really popular, he popularized egg-based protein powders. Probably not far off from what we see now. And then since the '70s and '80s, the market has just increased dramatically for bodybuilding supplements.
Medical billing is the payment practice within the United States health care.
Yes. For decades, it was primarily done on paper, however with advancements it is now efficiently done via management software.
Medical billing dates back decades with no known starting year. Medical billers are encouraged to become certified, but not required.
Some colleges offer certificates for specific exams, such as CMRS or RHIA. Some also offer associate degrees in this field.
I'm not a big Elvis fan, but I have an uncle who's an impersonator, although he prefers to be called an Elvis tribute artist.
I personally don't get what makes it such a big thing.  Like, there's even radio stations that only carry impersonator material.
But some people have been impersonating him since just after be began his career. They could have just started their own thing.
Nope, apparently since the 1950's.
Well, green is dominated by a wavelength of 495570 nm. What do you mean by universal?
Ah yes, I understand. And you're right. There are many different shades of it. The biggest source of green come from nature in the form of chlorophyll. It's the chemical plants make. Do you have any plants?
Yes, green has a long tradition for the color of Gaelic Culture in Ireland. It's so fascinating! 
It's like it doesn't matter if I'm trying to do something positive for myself, or even do something that takes me away from something negative, I just feel like doing nothing.
I don't have any problems with poor work ethics.  I know that my work is always high-quality and I always stay on track in the office.  At home is another story though.
Maybe it' because I get paid to work, so if I do a good job there, the money is incentive to repeat certain behaviors. 
Yellowstone is beautiful! I've only ever been to Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming, but the west coast of the US has tons of parks.
If you ever get a chance to visit the West Coast, I'd recommend Miur Woods in California. It's also a National Park. 
Yep, it's a huge forest! The National Park Service manages it. It's a protected national monument.
I agree. It's unfortunate that we need the government to step in, but it's great having NPS manage and conserve these parks. 
He does! You might also know "Bitch, don\'t kill my vibe"
It is not, but he is very acclaimed in the genre. His last album won a Grammy award.
He was raised in Compton.
It has a history of almost five millennia, so maybe people used to use it for transporation - now maybe only in remote snowy areas.
It seems that it may also have been practiced more than 100 centuries ago in China according to ancient paintings!
Seems early skiers used one long pole or a spear - I guess maybe they were hunting at the same time  lol!
Apparently they had one long ski for sliding and one short ski for kicking - so no balancing really i don't guess.
