Awesome! I really love how sci-fi storytellers focus on political/social/philosophical issues that would still be around even in the future. Makes them relatable.
It's not quite sci-fi, but my favorite version of time travel is in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Breaks zero logical rules.
If you really want a look at the potential negative consequences of scientific innovation, what you should check out is the TV show Fringe. Incredibly well written.
No I could not! I couldn't imagine living when internet access was rare and very few people had it!
It used to be restricted, but around 1995, the restricted were lifted and commercial use of it began
Yes, it was developed from a government funded projects to help with universities research and laboratories in the United States...I am so glad they expanded it!
What is your favorite thing to do with internet access? I like being able to use my computer and smartphone to use my email and browse the world wide web
Yes, I perform administrative duties as a pharmacy technician.
Yes, I work directly with a lot of patients.
Yes, it is necessary to develop our organization.
Yes, without the monitoring tasks we do, while checking for side effects, there would be chaos.
basically homebrewing is personal small scale beer production
beer has been brewed by home brewers even prior to commercial production
when people first started they made thick beers, then fruit and rice wines
woman were the main home brewers before beer was even commercialized
the reason women did it mostly because it was considered a part of baking
Milk chocolate is definitely great by itself, it can also be in the form of liquid or paste as opposed to just a block. It is also flavoring in certain foods.
I have, yes! The process of that is interesting, it is when the cacao bean is dried and fully fermented and because of the seed's fat, cocoa butter can be extracted.
I have not heard that, so I am unaware. All I know is that the beans are the basis of chocolate and they originate in Central America and parts of Mexico.
The chevrolet corvette is a great sports car
Its also been produced over seven generations
Yea they look awesome, also Myron Scott was the guy who named it which its cool that one guy came up with it
yea the chevrolet corvette really is a great american classic car
I do actually. There are five distinct categories of Scotch whisky. You should try them out.
Well there is a single malt Scotch whisky, blended malt, blended grain, blended Scotch whisky, and single grain. There are scotch bars you can try these at.
Well all those varieties of Scotch whisky must be aged at least three years inside of an oak barrel. It truly is an art.
That is unfortunate because they are valued by humans for companionship and for their ability to hunt vermin.
I love Siamese, since they are known for being solitary hunters!
It means they start trilling, hissing, and growling at predators
I agree, just all the sacred texts and scriptures, even if it is old, I still see it as a product of God or a divine being
There is not really a concrete date just because many different authors contributed to it, they are not sure
Yes, they are practically the same, which has caused some weird attitudes from the christian groups, as that is a tough pill to swallow in a way
A lot of people prefer the king james version of the bible, which has 39 books of the old testament and 27 of the new testament
There is no country in particular, but they all contributed to make the Bible one of if not the best selling book of all time!
I love it! Homer Simpson is probably my favorite protagonist of any animated show
Yeah Homer's whole character is great. Everything Matt Groening creates is masterful, especially Futurama
A few... 8,537,673 to be exact but some day's it feels like more. Have you ever came to the city?
It's not that big but dose have 5 boroughs. Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, The Bronx, and Staten Island. I live in soho which is in Manhattan.
Real New Yorkers only consider the 5 boroughs to be NYC.
We all know the government is clueless. I bet I know 8,537,673 that would agree with me.
They were a huge factor in that. They are located in Redmond, Washington.
Steve Jobs never worked for Microsoft? He started Apple! Also, Microsoft supports and sells PCs and other services.
Do they? I didn't know that! I also never knew where the name came from but it is a portmanteau of microcomputer and software.
Ohh that makes a lot of sense, since Windows is so hugely popular. Microsoft Windows as well as Office are so big!
I guess she was called The Love Gooddess during the 1940s.
No, I believe she passed away of Alzheimer's disease. She was only 68 years old...young by today's standards.
I don't really know if she was or not. I think she acted with several famous people...maybe even Ronald Reagan. He was an actor at the time.
Like Ronald Reagan, she also created more awareness about Alzheimer's disease.